In my view, the literature programme was formed by ladies of Balzaki age based on their interests.
From the Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilev and Volkonsky.
Of course, they wrote a billletristic from the point of view of the same ladies of Balzaki age.
Psychology and torture of heroes of Tolstoy and Turgenev are not so interesting for adolescents.
Adolescents are rarely interested in psychology of heroes.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps roses were plush to show some of their grades?
There are roses of such a color and with such a structure of sticky, reminiscent of barch, as a rule, dark red, burgundy tones.
And roses light look different, petals have just satin or silky lightning.
Sharks attack surfingists, taking them behind the turtles...
Biki is like Daltonics.
Bears to eat fallen...
Gorillam NELZa looks in the eyes - in some Safari parks visitors issue points with drawn eyes looking forward.
Bees are still oriented to smell...
Matras Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105х195.
Model "Micropacket Prestige": comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different rigidity of the sides: the medium-hard surface is formed by a latexed coconut fiber and a natural latex, moderately soft – a natural latex plate.
The spring block with 1,000 springs per square meter is quickly adapted to the body of the sleeping, preventing the appearance of the effect of "wave" or "wave".
Among the advantages of the model, it is necessary to allocate breathing materials.
Latex perforated for airtightness is excellently ventilated naturally, like the coconut bark.
This maintains a healthy microclimate of the bedroom.
The mattress also covers an extended warranty period.
The term of official guarantee from the manufacturer is 5 years, in fact the life of the mattress is more.
Protection against dust and pollution is placed on a removable jacquard cover supplied in the kit.
Acquire an orthopedic pillow in a pair of mattress – it is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during the sleep.
The filler determines the appointment of the sides – the coconut serves as an anatomical back support, the latex relaxes the muscle.
Include the brain and race such relatives at the same time!
It is better to have no more than such...
Anyone looking for a third party driver, or anyone who is ready to insert and work with you in a share.
If you don't get, sell the machine, even if you have losses, don't regret.
The next time you will think better...
Andrew, you have been profitable to explain that pensioners work in schools, they will not work in the command line.
The teacher of informatics also can not help, he was not taught, the school plays games in the windose.
So there is no support.
I remember with horror these stones and guests in the house of parents.
Guests on the threshold, and on the stove other boilers are done, mommy glass house the floor.
Yahweh, yea, let himself settle for this table without force.
And then I will win the dishes, I will take away the house.
Week to the holiday you are looking for products, two days straightforward, cleaning day after.
And guests what?
They are good, yet torture must be with them.
Since then I don't like holidays, guests.
Even for my family I cover the table at a minimum.
And the tastes I prepared them, the peak is very often just so.
Germany: Fourth coronavirus inevitable
The fourth vaccination will be required in summer or autumn 2002.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be final, but will continue with a new force.
Despite the active privilege campaign in Germany, neither two nor three doses of coronavirus vaccine will probably be insufficient for full protection.
This is convinced by the head of the Association of Doctors of General Practice Ulrich Vagelt.
This is reported on Saturday, December 11, by Die Welt.
"We expect the fourth vaccination to be required in summer, at the latest in autumn", the expert considers.
In addition, Vagelt hopes that the fourth coronavirus vaccination can be carried out "in combination with influenza vaccination".
This will help to achieve the best results.
In addition, reinforced vaccination can help to combat the spread of the new coronavirus "Omicron".
And the new version of the person is fearful.
Thus, the likelihood of re-infecting Omicronom is three times higher than in Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of the preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Consequently, BioNTech/Pfizer producers plan to provide vaccine adapted to Omikron by March 2002.
Companies stress that two doses of vaccines do not provide sufficient protection against the infection of the new version of Omikron coronavirus.
The BioNTech and Pfizer study showed that at two doses, the efficiency of the vaccine is significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential decreases more than 25 times".
"This indicates that two BNT162b2 doses do not provide sufficient protection against omicron-space infection," BioNTech and Pfizer stressed.
Therefore, a third dose is needed.
Experts insist on accelerating the rate of vaccination in the country.
For example, the chairman of the German Society of Communicable Diseases Bernd Salzberger advocates for reducing the interval between the second and the third.
Moreover, Salzberger believes that accelerated vaccination will affect the spread of both the delta virus and the coronavirus omicrone.
"Israel's question shows this very convincingly," the expert stressed.
Wobler Ponton21, Bet A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 m, 8.5 g.
Bet-A-Vib Series is a special branch of Bet-A family from Ponton21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other samples because it was originally created in the light of the use for submarine fishing, not only for catching.
These discharges are larger than those of the analogues close to the dimensions, which certainly have a positive impact on the nuances of the use of these interesting baits.
Another recognizable feature is the upper smoothness made of durable and elastic plastic, creating additional vibration shades with vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a "winter wine" when catching in the Beet-A-Vib waist shows a fairly aggressive game.
Often the most catching is a simple monotonous animation, that is, the movement of the particle up-down almost without pause.
When planning a deviation from a vertical axis is not very great, which is convenient for catching in a limited space, refrained by underwater vegetation, corners and other obstacles for which the capture is possible.
In addition, a small deviation is relevant when catching a winter vessel and a large window, especially in the middle of the winter, when a precise and aggressive bait is required.
By reaching the extreme points of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly deploys and returns to the original vertical.
No less successful Bet-A-Vib is also used for winter catching pound trolley.
You can choose from two modifications: noise capsule (NS – NanoSound) or without it (SL – Silent).
It is also noted that Bet-A-Vib plays in the curtain can irritate passive piece, not even reacting to the animal.
When catching, Bet-A-Vib shows the range and accuracy.
This obobler is understood and not captured, well combined with glossy and woven cords even large diameters.
For catching a piece, a sudden, a ersha or a window, except uniformly relevant and a "scale", sometimes with a "scale" on the bottom.
If you catch in the wounded places, you can change the front throne to a double, thereby reducing the probability of corners.
Among the baits of their Beit A-Wib class, one of the most sustainable in work and, as a result, one of the most caught.
With the same success, both on relatively small and relatively deep areas can be used.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young craftsmen sit on the neck of old-borns.
The "Golden Youth" is a clear expression of tapes in most of its, nothing that can or know.
The lives of this world are indifferent.
Possibly, Mishustin meant this small part of the population.
You're right.
Never seen in this shop shoes that would like to buy.
What many years are you writing about?
This shoes are made of leather.
It's good if one season lasts.
Zenden at one level with Carry.
A couple three times go, see and understand what to do in them nothing.
In Libya reported 7,000 Russian mercenaries
In Libya there are more than 7,000 private military company mercenaries (FMC) Wagner.
This was stated on Sunday, 12 December, by the President of the High Council of State of the Republic of Khaled al-Mishri.
"Now there are more than 7,000 CEC mercenaries in Libya, Wagner.
They also have aircraft.
They also spend a tranche in Sirte and Kufr.
They have 30 reactive aircraft on Gardabia aircraft (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," says Anadolu.
Khaled al-Mishri also indicated that Russian mercenaries were "thinking to capture" the central part of Libya, spreading from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea, after "inducing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Save presence
According to the interlocutor, Moscow sought a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "located in Libya".
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, uses airbase and port in Sirte, as well as airbase in Jufr, is noted in the Agency's publication.
Russian authorities officially deny that the CEC "Wagner" enjoys the support of the Kremlin.
Where may mercenaries still be
According to the Agency, Wagner is allegedly operating in nine African countries: CAR, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Angola, Zimbabwe and Zimbabwe.
The company provides military training for local forces, personal protection of leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licences for the use of minerals and natural resources, as well as for the supply of weapons, technologies and military services to those countries," the article states.
Media allegedly claimed that "vagners" had allegedly fought in Donbas, Syria, Mozambique, the Sudan and the CAR.
This group does not mean in the force departments or in the register of irlicit persons, but does not mean in the formal lists of personnel.
This company is under US sanctions.
Recall that earlier 27 EU countries have approved restrictions against Wagner.
This decision is expected to be adopted by the Council of the European Union on 13 December.
The situation in Libya
The Supreme Council of State of Libya de facto is the second chamber of Parliament with advisory functions with dominant Islamists, writes TAS.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of a single day of vote on the election of parliamentarians and heads of State from 24 December to at least February 2002.
"Before the elections, less than two weeks remain, and the chances that they will take place are rapidly declining," the material says.
Against this background, the Libyan High Electoral Commission postponed an indefinite declaration of the final list of candidates, Sky News Arabia broadcasts.
Foreign policy by Russian eyes
38% of Russians see in the foreign policy of the country more success than failures, 29 per cent believe that failures are prevailing.
"Examples of success - "in Syria defended, restored peace there", "decisions on the North Stream 2", "the whole world intimidated cool armaments", "We regret Crimea".
The main failures -- "conflict with Ukraine", "confrontation with Western countries", "isolation from peace", -- are stated in the Public Opinion Foundation study.
The Dubai Government has completely refused paper production - all the state services have also become digital only
The Government of Dubai reported a complete denial of paper production and digital technology.
All public services will also be provided exclusively electronically.
This is reported by the Emirate Information Agency WAM.
"Today, it marked the beginning of a new phase of the digitalization of all aspects of Dubai's life -- we completed the transition to a completely paperless government", - said the successor Prince of Emirate, chairman of the Executive Board of Dubai, Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al McTum on Saturday.
Now internal and external documentation in all Dubai states will only be digitally processed through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all sectors without exception: health, RCC, police, municipal authorities, judges, etc. Many commercial structures also joined the Government's initiative.
The transition to the electronic government and the digitalization of documentation began in Dubai since 2018.
At that time, 36 million paper leaves have been saved by the authorities, which amounts to 14 million hours of human labour and 353.8 million dollars in cash equivalent.
Earlier Moscow mayor Sergey Sobanin said that electronic services will save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about dates of birth and how many years of child, it is already a marazm, about the class and group in the ninth too.
Well, I don't believe that such rastaps are.
And if they are, they are obviously at all fictions, including at the family.
My mother lived, two brothers and grandfather with grandmother on 3 Vladimirskaya, was 1 floor without grilles.
They took place first in the door, then in the window, then decided not to ceremony, broke the window and climbed, but grandfather had the baseball battle they received.
Those people knew exactly that there was someone at home...
Turkish car production and exports fell below 2020 level
The production and export of Turkish vehicles declined sharply in November against the background of lira devaluation.
As a result, the industry indicators resulted in a worse last year's result, Blomberg reports, referring to the data of the Association of Automotive Manufacturers of Turkey.
According to the association, 15,000 vehicles were released in Turkey in November, which is 20 per cent less than a year earlier.
Some 75.9 thousand machines have been exported, which is more than 25 per cent higher than last year.
And if the first 10 months of this year, the Turkish automotive sector has shown positive developments by the past year, 1 month of 2021 resulted in car production by 0.3 per cent worse last year.
The result of this fall was a sharp weakening of the Turkish lira rate, which in November increased by 29 per cent against the dollar.
This has led to a fall in economic activity in all industries.
More than 50 ISAF entities received deferred credit payments in 2021
The first Deputy Prime Minister Alihan Smailov described the situation of granting benefits to small and medium-sized businesses, reports the correspondent of MIA Kazinform.
"According to the information of the Agency for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, this year, pursuant to the instructions of the Head of State of April 1, 2021, the President of the Agency adopted Order No. 127 of April 9, 2021 "On approval of the Procedure for deferring payments on loans of small and medium-sized business entities", Alihan Smailov wrote in his reply to the deputy request.
He recalled that the procedure for deferring loans payments included deferral by banks and microfinance organizations of loans issued before 1 April 2021 to ISAF entities, including IPs, between 1 April and 30 June 2021.
The deferral period was from 30 to 90 days for the selection of an ISAF entity.
A different deferral period could be specified in the borrower's application.
During the period of delay in relation to the borrower, the claims and claims were suspended, the notification of the necessity of repayment of the delayed arrears, as well as the creditor of the commission and other payments," the premiere noted.
In 2021, the second-level banks received deferral applications for 603 ISAF loans, of which 53 ISAF entities received deferral of 9.7 billion tenge.
IFRS filed deferral applications for 131 ISAF entities, of which deferral was granted to 95 entities in the amount of 105.8 million tenge," A. Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Purasev assumed that people with weak immunity can easily carry the strains "oxyron"
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity could carry it easier than those with a strong protective reaction of the body
Pulmonologist Sergey Purasev explained why the strains of the coronavirus "ocmiron" may be dangerous.
The reason is to be found in conditions of birth of the virus.
Scientists believe that oxyrone has been born in the body of HIV or immunodeficiency.
That is, when mutation he found no resistance to immunity.
As a result, it is more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no response from immunity, it became very fast.
It seems that he has these bundles, spikes, may have more than laid down, their antibodies have not cut during mutation, - says pulmonologist Sergey Purasev.
The doctor assumed that people with weakened immunity can carry "oxyrone" easier than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body.
There is a strong response of the organism to anything, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
This is what happens in pneumatic infections when young people are killed for 30 years and older 60 years in the form of cleansing.
The immune response is frustrating from the young, he is quite inadequate: where it was possible only to threaten his finger, he beats, like a gun of works, - concluded Sergey Purasev.
The doctor also recalled that the coronavirus has dangerous side events and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Light inflammation is bacterial and viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case you can buy only symptoms - all hope for the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will begin to intoxication of the body - it is temperature, weakness, inadequateness.
Then there are respiratory symptoms: difficult breathing, throat prioritization, cough.
Pain on the right or on the left, abdominal pain can also indicate an evolving problem.
Meanwhile, an irritating generation between 12 and 18 years may begin to vaccinate in Russia until the end of the year.
Virusologist, head of the laboratory of genome engineering MFTI Pavel Volchkov noted that this category is very actively affected by the covid.
The number of contacts is maximum for adolescents who go to school.
This is the most socially active area, like kindergartens," said Pavel Volchkov, a virusologist, head of the IFTI genome engineering laboratory.
Greatest thanks to the author for this article.
The memory was refreshed with pleasure...
Teat-in.
In the distant seventieth to eightieth no dance scene did without the youngest of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, danced under their music.
Immunologists have developed a hypothesis why people with obesity become victims of covida
The authors studied the fatty tissue left from barriatric operations and found that fatty cells known as adipocytes could be infected with coronavirus.
Immune cells located in fatty tissue, macrophages also infected, while showing a strong inflammatory reaction.
Scientists also studied fatty tissue for patients who died of covid and found coronavirus particles in fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can be washed in fatty tissue, using it as a tank, in attempts to avoid the response of the immune system.
Probably SARS-CoV-2 is able to do so.
The biologist described the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semen Holoshekin called the causes of dementia and described the ways of its prevention in an interview with Radio Satellite.
According to WHO, more than 5 million people suffer from this disease.
The syndrome is manifested to gradually lose cognitive functions - over time, even in a familiar atmosphere.
Gloshekin noted that most often dementia causes neuropogenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders and a lack of certain vitamins.
Some factors increase the risk of disease development.
This includes hypertension, diabetes, increased cholesterol content, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioural level, the role of factors such as social exclusion and the lack of active cognitive activities can be played," he said.
The development of dementia is also affected by harmful habits - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep violations and low-lifestyles.
Among the first signs, the expert noted the forgottenness, inability to concentrate and decrease the level of abstract thinking.
"The discussion will take place that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors of its occurrence," the biologist added.
To prevent the occurrence of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the necessary level of fitting, training cognitive skills and capabilities requiring memory and logic.
Earlier Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics FGAOU WO RNIMU
N.I. Pirogov, Head of the Department of Cognitive Disorders of the Federal Brain Center and Neurotechnology Anna Bogolepova described the causes of memory problems.
Egypt returned about 300,000 artifacts illegally exported from the country
Over the past 10 years, the Government of Cairo has been able to return approximately 300,000 artifacts that have been illegally withdrawn from the country by smuggling.
This was reported on Saturday, December 11, on the air of the Al-Hayat TV channel, Chief Inspector of the Department of Returned Ancients of the Ministry of Tourism and Ancients of Egypt Shaban Abdel Gauad.
Since 2001, 29,300 artifacts have been returned to the Egyptian State.
Only this year, 530 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were found in the Bible Museum in Washington,” he said.
Abdel Gauad specified that all smuggled artifacts were recorded in the archives.
The department is now working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, specialists "trace auctions worldwide and online sales" through foreign and Egyptian sites, as well as social networks.
The Chief Inspector said that upon return cultural values were restored and then exposed to museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was the ancient human skeleton found in Belgium, which is now part of the exposition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities requested Interpol to help find the auction in London byst Pharaoh Tutanhamon.
Christie's auction house held on July 4 trades at which over 3,000 years of age was sold for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused dissatisfaction from Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the object of art was illegally removed from the Carnacas Temple in Luxor in the 1970s.
The head of Tutanhamon, depicted in the form of the god of the sun Ammon, was kept in a private collection and was not traded since 1985.
How the relics came to Europe is unknown.
Egypt in recent years has been actively seeking the repatriation of illegally exported monuments from the country at different times.
According to the authorities, 95 per cent of smuggling ancients are the result of archaeological searches for "black digits".
"The Crimean Tatars are not taken into account" - and this is correct, since Crimean Tatars (232,000) are an independent people (near Turks).
If you want to add, only 42,000 people - so many Tatars (Cazanese) live in Crimea (see the census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkish language group.
FT: Credit Suise wants access to personal staff mobile devices
Credit Suise requires its employees to provide the bank with access to their personal mobile devices, writes Financial Times.
In Europe and the United States, the Swiss Bank does not issue corporate communications devices to its employees, instead offering a discount on the acquisition of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - a telecom operator.
According to the current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to deal with business issues with colleagues or clients.
The Bank enjoys the right to verify mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if the staff member used it to meet a client who was not approved by Credit Suise.
Now, after many staff have moved to remote working mode, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that have been used to resolve working issues.
According to the newspaper, the leadership of the bank has established a deadline before which staff can get acquainted with the new rule.
No new claim information is officially commented on in Credit Suise.
Matras Sontele Vivre Dual roial 70x20.
In the centre of the mattress, Vivre Dual royal has placed a qualitative and durable block of high autonomous springs TFK 18.
Layers of natural coconut add rigidity, zonal latex distributes load more quality, latex with the addition of Aloe provides sleeping hygiene, and relief foam relaxes.
The mattress of symmetrical average rigidity and high height (30 cm).
The product is supplied by packed in a rigid roll and ready for operation in a short time after packing.
The case is made of durable knitwear with a path on a comfortable layer.
The fabric of the cover does not change, does not stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of life Sergey Yesenin - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the heaviest for the earthly life of the poet and his "his".
He was already out of any literary associations, dispersed with imaginism, but he is known, demanded by critics, even maliciously, but reading the public is ready to wear it on his hands.
Over the year, more than 60 poems were written, many of them - real masterpieces, completed the cycle "Persian motifs", written by the poem "Anna Snegina", issued 8 books, compilation "Rus Soviet".
And the main success - at the end of June 25, Gosizdat concluded with Yesenia a treaty to issue it in 3 volumes.
None of the modern Sergei Alexandrovich poets of such honour was achieved, he is the first!
In addition, this sulated very good money - according to the contract the fee was 1000 rubles per month for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 30 rubles per month, engineer - 20).
The funds were needed more than ever that year.
Yesenin married the grandchildren of Lva Tolstoy Sophie Tolstoy, it was necessary to establish a family beat, contain sisters Katty and Sasha, as well as a mother.
Life is likely to be found, there is something to rejoice, but for him everything is primarily painted in dark tones, if materialized by the nightmare of the poem "Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after the death of Yesenin):
My friend, my friend,
I am very sick.
I don't know where this pain took.
Whether the wind shines
Above the empty and poor field,
As I grow in September,
It washs the brain alcohol.
Many familiar mentioned that Essenin gave a lot, looks bad, clearly hurt.
Increasingly repeated guns, nervous disruptions.
And the reason is probably not only in alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - Sergei Alexandrovich someone was put, reliable documents were not left.
In May 1923, when Essenin was in tension of the fourth wife, American Asedori Dunkan corrected health in the clinic under Paris with Professor Peter Hanushkin (again, Essenin will fall two years later, already in Moscow).
But here are the testimony of the poets, scandals on this ground, leads to the militia are scattered by dozens of memoirs.
Since the beginning of the 20s, the terrible novel of the poet with green snake has developed rapidly.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Esenin settled for a short time with a friend, imaginationist Ivan Startsev.
It was surprising that Yesenin had a very low income in Moscow, neither in Peter, turned to removable apartments, hotels or acquaintances.
Old people remember:
"It came only to night, and in most cases in an unknown state.
Once, returning at four hours in the morning, Essenin fell on the staircase...
When he fell, he scared himself with his face and influenza.
Coming a little in himself, he began coughing continuously, circumcising all the sheep of blood..."
Yes and Esenin himself after the war in Europe and the United States (the dry law was then in the United States, but Duncan captured a decent stock of alcohol) was recognized:
"I didn't see anything there, except kabaki and streets...
I'm at the end and people stopped remembering...
Well, and dust, of course...
And I was drunk because the tusk was scratched."
Pireli Tyre (Pireli) Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
Pireli Scorpion Winter winter rubber based on a highly durable rubber mixture and silica provides durable efficient operation, uniform wear, load resistance.
Pireli Scorpion Winter wheel protector linear drawing, forming ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance, course resistance.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water, dirt from the stain of contact cover Pyrelia Scorpion Winter, suppress slide and aquaplaning.
Figure 3D lamelling enhances the adhesion on the slide road, on the snow and ice.
Large shoulder zone checkers increase the cross-section of Pyrelia Scorpion Winter tires when maneuvering, reinforce the traction, reduce the braking path.
Small pendulums and sockets are heated.
Matras Promteks-Orient Duet Latex Econom 10x195
Promteks-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern execution of the budget model in the premium class line.
The base of the mattress is a block of independent double springs Duet.
Inside a large spring is inserted a softer spring of small size.
This allows for uniform distribution of the load on the mattress.
On two sides the mattress is supplemented with a filler – an artificial latex.
This is an analogue of natural latex, but it is more dense and less expensive.
The flexibility and elasticity of this material increases the comfortable effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex of hypoallergenic, it does not burn moisture and dust.
The mattress will perfectly fit a couple with a large weight difference (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the "smart" springs there is no wave effect when a light partner rolls on the side of the heavy.
A pleasant, soft to the clutch case made of practical jacquard Sense sew with a layer of synthepon.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this mattress model in a rounded version (vacuum roller packing).
Now almost 16 sons, and he has long not been terrified by the desire to shoot.
All energy is aimed at choosing what it will earn for life.
He is much more responsible than I was in his years or my husband, who had problems with the law before the wedding itself.
The father takes care of his other daughter.
And he loves, as Lermont wrote, "country of love".
Why did the girl crash at the examination when she had not yet failed?
Why he did not tell his daughter that it was not a school.
Well, she'll have a tail.
Well, what?
Transfer.
Millions of students know this.
What is this in general?
The Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs considers Belarus to use migrants as "arms" against the EU
MID Poland considers Belarus to use migrants as "arms"
The Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs of Poland Pavel Yablonsky expressed the view that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as "arms" against the European Union and intends to return to such "operation" next year.
The corresponding statement by the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs made an interview with the newspaper Australian Financial Review.
According to Yablonsky, sanctions against Belarus were temporarily "stopped by Lukashenko", but he "is actively searching for new ways".
Also, the Polish official is confident that illegal migrants will now be used as weapons "in many parts of the world".
As the website kp.ru wrote, the European Union had previously implemented the fifth sanctions package against Belarus.
He referred to 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they expressed their willingness to continue to expand restrictive measures against the Republic "if the situation in the country does not improve".
Minsk responded to the food embargo on a wide list of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions on Belarus.
Clothing case 60×10 cm, spanbond, blue color.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, you need to care for it correctly.
Limited storage will extend its lifetime and preserve an attractive appearance.
Help us in this clothes case!
Advantages.
Using clothes case, you will significantly save space.
This is especially relevant if you have a lot of things and a small cabinet.
The irreversible appearance.
There are no more dresses, cofts and sides that hang disadvantages.
Neat covers allow you to sort the clothes and hide it from the outside eyes.
For people using racks instead of a conventional cabinet, this is the most optimal option.
The cover securely protects garment from dust and dirt, insect, mechanical damage or possible prosperity.
It does not allow clothes to change the shape during long storage, prevents the formation of halls.
Features of clothes covers.
Special material will allow your clothes to "breathe".
The service life of such a cover is not limited in case of scrutiny.
They can be stored not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The cover is sealed with a durable lightning.
It is important to remember!
Prepare items for storage for a long time: clean them, send folds.
Choose the case of optimal size: things should not be killed below.
It is not recommended to hang several bulk things in one case immediately: they can be washed.
If you appreciate order and care, expense your things, you want to keep them and extend your service life – order clothes covers.
Go to a large catalog and choose the product of the color and size you need at a favorable price!
"Not on Senke's hat": when a drunken pijack makes a man mixing
The secular events of 2021 were dominated by drunken pijacs.
Perhaps the first to declare his new fashion solution was Daniel Craig.
Even in September, at the premiere of the film "Not Time to Die", he appeared in a drunken raspberry pijaca and traditional "Bondish" grandmother.
The Earthshot Prize was followed twice by Prince William, who first granted the Royal Variety Charity Award ceremony inconsistent with the Royal Dress Code, and after choosing a more classic option for the event in support of the Royal Variety Charity Fund.
A couple of weeks ago, the trend was applied to himself and Lionel Messiah.
Footballer came to take the seventh "Golden Ball" in a drunken pijac Dolce & Gabana.
By the way, his sons were dressed in the same way.
AliExpress already notes the growing demand for drunken men's pujacs in Russia.
According to analysts of the service received in Gazetu.Ru, they began to buy 1.4 times more frequently.
The most popular warm drums with lining and silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, dark blue and of course black.
The average price of such models - from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. At the same time, men prefer to buy exclusively pijaki - sets of suede costumes they choose less.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are in H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment of the barhat pijaki this season is represented in almost all brands - both Brioni, and Paul Smith, and Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most desirable model of Gucci, in which he came to one of the premier films "Dom Gucci" by the brand Ambassador Jared Leto.
By choosing pijacs of expensive brands, you can be sure that the barch is made of silk.
Thanks to the special technology of interlaying threads, a dense fabric with a rough external texture and a smooth internal side is obtained.
More budgetary options are made of cotton or polyamide, but are, accordingly, less.
Fashion expert Lamoda Yulia Vahoshkin warns that in the case of a drunken pijack, the main thing is not his model or style, but the appropriateness.
"Barhat requires evening light, so such a pujac is perfect if you gathered for a party or a solemn event," explains Vahoshkin. "He will also come for those cases if the invitation indicates the dress code "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie".
Another important criterion for which compliance allows for choice in favour of a drunken pijac is the status of his buyer.
"The man in a drunken pijac must, first of all, be properly advanced with enough," the authors of the Telegram Channel consider about the male fashion "Krasavchik Bramel". "The owners of drunken pijacs tend to belong to the caste of those people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to occasional secular events, where there is always a dress code.
Yulia Vahoshkin offers a combination of pujacs made of barhat with the same dressing things: classic trousers with arrows, single-ton shirts, silk halls, brushes, curtains.
Too simple and daily things will look inappropriate.
Fashion experts from Beauty Bramell are confident: it will be inappropriate and the appearance of an ordinary servant on a corporate in the barch pijack, but if it comes to "the leader of those who refute this event, then "yes", he is such a thing in the topic".
If the servant is lower than the rank and the goal of it is to advance in the complex hierarchy of the company or get financial bonuses, then the best drunken pijac is not to hope.
The guide will exactly evaluate the phrase "not by Senke's hat", - the editors of the TVgram Channel consider men's fashion.
Very ambiguous sensations from voice.
This is an unstable timber, so silent tannet.
And absolutely not associated with the cute face of a young girl.
If fair, I do not understand the admirations of the surrounding.
But from all hearts I wish good luck in life!
All the case in money - alternative energy is well lobbyed, i.e. payable.
Millions of investment.
Are they sorry?
No, the price of electricity increased.
Traditional energy is also not loaded - both gas and oil, and coal bought cheaper than now sold.
Fuel thanks to demand.
The carpet drops.
And who then flies?
As usual, an ordinary buyer.
Is the problems of the Indians touching the sheriff?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be regarded as idiots who have missed the energy crisis.
They did their business.
For a good wage.
He saw no beautiful man on photos in the article.
Simply directly within medium-statistical passengers.
Perhaps if such characters and confident in their beauty are so much that they decide to show it to the whole car, then it is likely not to be planted.
But only because of mental disorders and ignorance of such "beautiful (-ic)" but not exactly because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "arab conscious of his slavery and fighting against him, is a revolutionary.
A slave who does not conscious of his slavery and forgives in silent, unconscious and unbelievable slave life is simply a slave.
A slave whose salivas are fluid when he describes the flesh of slave life, and awakens good and good master, there is a cotton, ham."
Immunologist stated that reaction after 4-5 months would help protect against coronavirus straw "omicron"
Revaccination in four to five months can protect against a new coronavirus infection "omicrone".
Such a statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Krychkov, who called the privivation six months later, taking into account the emergence of a new strain, "very big period"
"In previous strains, this period was normal, but now the best procedure is five months, and people with chronic illnesses in four," the expert said, calling for reactions in parallel to the habitation campaign.
Krychkov also noted that early reaction provides a good titre of neutralizing antibodies.
"If a man made two vaccinations and busters, or he was pained and vaccinated, or vaccinated and pained, he received hybrid immunity, i.e. many antibodies and neutralizing enough," the expert specified.
"Big Seven" warned Russia about "scale consequences" in case of invasion of Ukraine
The Big Seven countries (United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan) issued a statement following the meeting of heads of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Liverpool.
It emphasizes that Russia's "military aggression" against Ukraine "will have huge consequences and costly" Moscow, but specific measures are not described in the document.
"We, the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of the strengthening of Russia's military power and the aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine", the statement states.
The ministers further call on Russia to "relax the escalation, use diplomatic channels and comply with its international obligations regarding transparency of military activities", as the US President Baden spoke during the video call to the Russian President Putin on December 7.
"We reaffirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandian format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk Agreements with a view to resolving the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the Ministers for Foreign Affairs also stated.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a serious price in response," they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign State to determine its future.
We welcome the restrained position of Ukraine.
We will intensify our cooperation on our overall and comprehensive response," the statement also states.
Earlier this day, the head of British diplomat Elizabeth Tras stated that Russia would be subjected to "serious consequences" in case of invasion of Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "the only voice of the Big Seven countries", which accounted for 50 per cent of the world's GDP, and which made it very clear that the invasion of Ukraine will have huge consequences for Russia".
Pfizer vaccine considered to be 32 times less effective from omicron strain
The effectiveness of vaccine from Pfizer-BioNTech against coronavirus omicrone is 32 times lower than other types of disease.
This conclusion was concluded by scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the University of China of Hong Kong, transmitted by South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective by studying antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of COVID-19.
"We see that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the Sars-CoV-2 baseline, but this ability was significantly reduced against omicrone varieties," said Professor Malik Peris.
At the same time, scientists stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way of protecting against heavy current disease infected with coronavirus.
Earlier London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine scientists predicted development of the coronavirus pandemic, taking into account its impact on the omicrone strain.
The authors of the study concluded that omicron scales could cause a new wave of virus circulation and mortality, unless additional measures were taken.
Head of Defence of Ukraine accused FRG of blocking the supply of NATO weapons to Kiev
Head of the Ministry of Defence of Ukraine Alexey Reznikov accused the Government of the former FRG Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Kiev's acquisition of deadly weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times newspaper on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany put veto on the purchase by Ukraine of anti-sniper systems and rifles to defeat drones.
It is noted that late Berlin has mitigated its position on rifles by recognizing their immortal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defence, Kiev intends to seek the acquisition of the above-mentioned weapons under bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, it is the United States, Great Britain, Lithuania and France.
However, the FT notes that the position of the new German Government under the leadership of Chancellor Olaf Scholz on the authorization of arms supplies to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, the Ambassador of Ukraine to Germany Andrei Melnik expressed the view that Kiev should not wait for the supply of weapons to Berlin at Chancellor Sholts.
According to him, the previous leadership of the FRG explained its refusal to provide arms with a risk of developing a military escalation of the conflict in the Donbas despite Russia's "occupation" of a part of the Ukrainian territory.
The same "non-logical" position is assured by the diplomat, Germany will continue with the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky said that Kiev is waiting for assistance from Berlin in equipping the naval fleet.
In Ukraine, they expect Germany to be a partner of Ukraine in a technical sense, the President added.
It was also noted that this spring, the Co-Chair of the Green Party of FRG Robert Habek visited the Republic, where he advocated the sale of defence weapons to Kiev.
Sergey NOSOV 2, no, bad vision with nothing.
"And" instead of "E" recruit?
Do you miss a lot of patience?
Here you write instead of writeEte.
No, illiterate You are a man.
And for a philosopher this is a look.
Game set "Fishing": e/f light, sound, complete game field, 2 signs, 5 figures, 3A not incl., cor.
Electrified children's fishing is a fun and useful toy for the development of children.
Playing, the little will train small hand motors, develop casting, tangibility and attention.
It is worth turning on the toy as 5 miniature fish begin to move sharply on the imitated rod under a fun young.
The task of the child is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play independently or double: the set includes 2 signs.
The toy runs from 3 Type A batteries to 1.5 V (not included).
The size of the game field (DxWxD) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
In Moscow the winners of the Arsenev Prize - Russian newspaper
Solemn award ceremony for winners of the third season of the Russian General Literature Prize "Dalny East".
V. K. Arseneva took place in Moscow.
As reported on the Instagram Award page, only 89 applications were received in the Organizing Committee this season.
63 were selected.
The leaders for the number of works submitted were the Primorsky and Khabarovsk regions - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were nominated in three nominations: Long Prose, Short Prose, Children's Prose.
Nine works fell in the shortlist - three in each nomination.
Alexander Filkin (Primorski Kraj) was the winner in the nomination "Long Prose" with the book "The Gospel Inscription".
Deputy Prime Minister Yuri Trutnev, Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of the Russian Federation, awarded the prize.
The nomination "Short Prose" better recognizes Love Bezbakh (Sahalin region) with the production of "Shepot of Night Rain".
She received the awards from the hands of the Russian Minister for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic Alexey Chekunkov.
In the nomination "Children's Prose" the laureate was the striking writer Nina Blomestnova and her "Golden Thread".
The author was awarded a scriptwriter, writer, Candidate of Philological Sciences and Jury Chairman Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 50 thousand rubles.
Recall that, within the framework of the Dal East Award, the authors are awarded the best works on Dalnevostok topics.
The main task of the prize is not only to award winners and to tell about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest in the Far East as a priority development territory of the twenty-first century.
The search may include novels, stories, compilations of stories or stories, as well as documentary prose and memories.
At the same time, the place of residence of the author is not important, the main thing is to write in Russian.
Official award site: https://premijarseneva.rf/.
Pan, d=2 cm, with handle, color dark marble, 427884.
Cookmara "marble" dishes are made of February aluminum and are covered with innovative anti-prigar marble covering on a water basis, reinforced by superhard particles of minerals.
Features of marble dishes.
Significant wall thickness and bottom excludes body deformation, guarantees durability, provides the necessary durability of the coating.
Highly durable anti-prigar marble coating on a water basis is reinforced by superhard particles of minerals.
Environmentally friendly anti-prigar coating without PFOA (perfluorinated carbonic acid).
Ideal distribution of heat throughout the surface of the dishes, long-term maintenance of heat.
The possibility of using a minimum fat quantity.
Anti-cut marble coating is applied by spraying method, which guarantees exceptional resistance to coating during operation.
Small scratches and small losses on the surface do not affect the properties of anti-cut coating and durability of the dishes.
The products do not burn and keep their taste.
The ability to cook delicious and healthy food without adding oil, as on scattered stones.
Reinforced bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Easy to wash.
Suitable for all types of plates except for induction.
You can wash in a dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, internal coating is "marble".
Highly durable water-based anti-cut coating, reinforced by particles of superhard minerals.
Reinforced soil layer.
Layer with roofed surface for better coupling.
Casted aluminum body up to 6 mm thick.
Outer anti-prigar coating is "marble".
Cookmara dishes will transform the usual process of cooking into a pleasant and easy class for any host.
Let... a lot ago I made the same replanning.
Dining the hall with the kitchen.
Apartment 2-bedroom.
She was.
Of course, the project, permission, new techpassport, everything according to the law.
In the hallway was made a bookcase and a large dressing room.
The door in the kitchen was founded, and there was a bit of space.
In almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we never wished to have been done.
From mistakes - instead of baths installed a cool shower cabin.
One hundred times I wished for it!
I just recently realized that I love Roma.
But the wonderful Roma world I have not yet discovered for myself, except Bakardi and Captain Morgan.
What else do you advise, and what could it start this wonderful acquaintance?
I've been hurt too.
I won't do the adventure.
He arrived in Montenegro for "rehabilitation".
Only with the weather wasn't lucky...
Houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in bright houses, for they attract a lot of attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus paint and other chemical compounds will push the rocket.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thank you, I'm sure to try.
And what is Japan here?
Thank you for the recipe.
And what kinds of apples should be laid according to this recipe?
It's really tasty.
I add a little more rape bow and a green apple there.
Try.
Recently, the zomboyer said that the production of cars felt an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, which country is what percentage of these semiconductors (visibly microconductors) produced.
Russia was not on this list.
That's right!
In the United States, their expensive labour is beneficial, and we in Russia are unbeneficial!
And I got the candlestick.
I'm sorry, it's not with us.
If I saw it good, everything could be different.
But in addition to hatred, confused, scandals will remind the person of something.
I am sorry about her, she lived in evil.
Mercedes protested the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix results
The German team Mercedes, whose pilot Luc Hemilton at the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi finished the second followed by Raid Bull Max Ferstapen, protested the final result of the race, the press service Formuli-1 reports.
Mercedes believes that during the check-in rules 48.12 and 48.8 were violated.
In the first case, the German team challenges the judges' decision to return circular racers to one circle with leaders.
According to the second, Ferstapen warned Chemilton before the "restart" zone was permitted.
We add that now the result of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi, according to which Ferstapen warned Chemilton for 2.256 seconds and won the Formula 1 World Championships are preliminary when the Mercedes protests are not known
G7 warned Russia about responsibility for invasion of Ukraine
The G7 Foreign Ministers warned about the "serious consequences" for Russia if it continued its military aggression against Ukraine, as indicated in the final statement of the parties.
The meeting also noted that they condemned the strengthening of Russian armed forces outside the country's borders.
"Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious implications and serious costs," says the statement published on the website of the British Government.
The G7 Ministers and the EU Supreme Representative noted that "the only one in their condemnation of Russian armed reinforcement and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine".
Head of the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs Elizabeth Trace warned at a press conference in Liverpool about "major consequences" for Russia in case of invasion of Ukraine.
We have clearly understood that any invasion will have significant consequences...
G7 wants Russia to renounce aggression against Ukraine," she said.
Earlier at the Liverpool Summit, the G7 Ministers for Foreign Affairs agreed that in order to resolve the crisis due to the increase in Russian troops at the border with Ukraine, the parties must return to the negotiating table.
The talks in the Normandian format were discussed.
The North Atlantic Alliance also spoke for the dialogue on Ukraine in the Normandian format.
The representative of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Maria Zakharova stated that, inviting Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "wanted to take responsibility for their own mistakes".
Explanatory Homsu Diamond Bag.
Explanatory Diamond bag is perfect for sports, travel or just walking.
It is convenient to take it, it is suitable, made of durable and lightweight fabric material.
The main office is opened with the help of lightning, which can be done without work even on the way.
Stylish and bright design will fit perfectly to those ladies who really have a thin taste of accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and the length of the belt of 40 to 60 cm, which allows it to place various things, from the passport to the mobile phone.
The material makes it easy to wash the belt bag using various domestic means.
For convenience, you can use a special strap size controller.
Discover ways to return stolen through online money stores
There are several ways to return money stolen through online stores and not to become a victim of fraud in the future.
They were disclosed by experts on information security in an interview with RBC.
For example, in order to reduce the risk of major losses in the fall of bank card data in the hands of malicious thinkers, it is recommended to store the main funds on the card or bank account that are not used in online shopping.
Part of the accumulation can be postponed to the savings account and withdrawed as necessary.
Experts also recommend establishing a separate map for online purchases.
If money was stolen when buying in stores that do not use 3D Secure protection technology, you can start the refund procedure.
"In the framework of the rules established by payment systems, unauthorized transactions carried out without the use of 3D Secure, the participant is responsible for the calculation chain that does not use the service," the representative of Promsvazbank said.
The expert from the international payment provider Ecompay Arthur Zaremba stressed that the buyer has the right to lodge an application with the bank to challenge the fraudulent operation no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the perpetrator used a map on online resources that do not require two-factor authorization, transactions can be challenged and refunded.
It is noted that in some cases online stores themselves return funds to the client if the order has not yet been sent to delivery.
On November 19, a member of the Public Chamber, director of the Safe Internet League Ekaterina Mizulina reported that only in 2021 1,000 applications were received on various cases of fraud: from selling false documents to theft of personal data.
She said that an effective solution under current circumstances could be to create a single window for online mosquito complaints.
Silz arrived in Poland to discuss North Stream 2 and EU legislation
The newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Sholz arrived in Warsaw for negotiations on the crisis with migrants at the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the development of Russian troops at the border of Ukraine and the situation with the Russian gas pipeline North Stream-2.
While Scholz expressed his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for long years, the leaders of the two countries expressed unequivocal expectations from each other.
The Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Moravecki said that he would call on Sholts to oppose the North Stream 2, which is expected to bring Russian gas to Germany to the trade of Ukraine.
According to Moravia, Russia can use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants seeking to enter Belarus.
Berlin stated that it would help Warsaw and Brussels to resolve the crisis.
However, the Polish judicial system remains one of the reasons for disagreement.
The European Court fined Poland, finding that judicial reforms carried out by the Law and Justice Party violate EU legislation.
Poland refused to pay a fine and its supreme court ruled that national legislation had priority over EU rules.
The new Government of Germany, sworn on Wednesday despite the requirements of Poland and the United States, has not made public obligations to stop the North Stream 2 operation in the event of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
American officials told the members of the Congress that they had reached understanding with Germany about the stop of the gas pipeline if Russia invaded Ukraine, the high-level staff member of the United States Congress reported on Tuesday.
German officials did not confirm these allegations, but Scholz warned on Wednesday of consequences if Russia violated the border of Ukraine, and this position was confirmed by the representatives of the Big Seven on Sunday.
Dmitry, look more carefully.
Overlooking the window the same, the size of the window has not changed.
They removed the wall between the kitchen and the room, so partially the second window is visible.
And generally doubt those who are not familiar with the initial planning.
And I know such apartments very well and I know how it was replanned.
Let everything be good at them.
It always surprises when they write about the means to wash the sink, toilet, pedicones, cranes.
You are once a year on the Easter, whether, myth, what you have to launder directly.
Just let's not contaminate.
Coins want to adorn writers by residences
The future support fund for Russian literators will be transferred to the State federal property remaining inherited by the Union of Writers of the USSR and the Literature Fund of the USSR.
It will create written residences, the parliamentary newspaper in Minzyfri, which will be the founder of the fund, reported.
The coin is preparing a draft presidential decree on the establishment of the Foundation for Support for Russian Literators.
The explanatory note specifies that the fund will be entrusted with care, including for the targeted use and maintenance of buildings and buildings, sometimes belonging to the Soviet Union of writers and the Litfond.
"A large number of property previously owned by the Literature Fund of the USSR has been transferred to the Russian Federation, including those located in the town of Peredelkino writers, the village of Komarovo Leningrad region and others," the parliamentary newspaper reported in the press service of Mintsifry.
The draft decree prescribes to reflect in the Fund's statute that it is "created to promote literary activities by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of literators".
"The creation of conditions for creative activity means the creation of written residences on the basis of transferred property in different regions of Russia, in which comfortable conditions for creativity would be", - explained in Mintsifra to our publication.
520 rubles for one cut tomato?
Cheese polish is in a direct sense plastic of dough from packaging for 50 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in the menzurk for 570...
No, of course looks tasty, but the price is simply inadequate.
Belarus seems to have gathered full-scale riches.
Doctors warned about the risk of prolonged use of blood-incineration drugs after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned about the risk of uncontrolled use of blood-inflammatory drugs after the COVID-19 coronavirus infection and before coronavirus vaccination.
The therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that independent prevention of possible formation of thrombs after COVID-19 can provoke a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-inflammatory drugs are not intended to all, only if the patient was hospitalized, were in the facility, complications were identified.
The doctor appoints anticoagulants (crowded drugs, obstacles to excessive formation of thrombs) according to testimony.
She reported that there are now clouds - all consecutively five anticoagulants and get complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (crowded in the brain).
The main preventor of UrFO, the scientific leader of the Society of Specialists in Preventive Medicine, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev in a conversation with URA.RU said that unconventional anticoagulants of Russians are now often used before vaccination from coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe in doubtful councils on the Internet and begin to engage in self-treatment.
There are such citizens who begin to take anticoagulants a week before vaccination by their decision.
And during pre-examination, doctors notice bleeding.
He stressed that it was extremely dangerous to take any medicine without clarifying the cause of any symptom.
Potatoes called a superproduct to protect against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular use of this ordinary and affordable vegetables significantly reduces the risk of cardiovascular diseases.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and microelements contributing to the work of internal organs.
He helps in heart diseases by improving blood circulation and reducing cholesterol, the Seman portal reports.
Today, heart diseases are the main cause of earlier death.
To improve the situation, you need not only to treat, but also to try properly.
One of the assistants in this situation will be the usual potatoes.
According to scientists, in this root a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and also is very important for the organism of vitamin C.
In addition, potato contains phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, foil and pantoten acid.
Microelements help to effectively operate all internal systems of the organism.
In addition, root fruit fights natural age disorders in the body, contains many useful cells for RCT.
With regular consumption, it can become a prevention of atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
She came to see the apartment.
I came from another city to show her.
The announcement included detailed photos and description of the apartments.
It remained extremely unsatisfactory because there was no "chic" kitchen and "chic" balcony.
Tetke, see, do nothing, here she looks alien apartments, and people time to spend their time.
About 145,000 adolescents have become the first component of COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information on the vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and feeding women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, MIA Kazinform refers to the IEC on non-proliferation of COVID-19.
Twenty people died of coronavirus and pneumonia per day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely heavy condition - Ministry of Health of Kazakhstan Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" by coronavirus
According to data from 1 December 2021, Pfizer vaccine was welcomed: the first component was 181,037, the second component was 14,580.
Of them the first dose: adolescents 14,613, pregnant women 10,645, feeding women 25,799.
Second dose: adolescents 10,690, pregnant women 1,141, feeding women 2,749.
The cheapest money in the wall of the church of plumbing will pay 20 thousand dollars
Sanitary equipment, which found money in the wall of the church in the American State of Texas, will pay a reward.
This is reported in the press release of the Non-Profit Organization Crime Stopers of Houston.
The incident occurred in the large evangelical church of Lakewood, where Pastor Joel Osten preachs, promising that religious Christians are waiting for wealth and prosperity.
In November 2021, Jastin Kouli plumbing repaired one of the church toilets and found thousands of packages with money and waits under thermal insulation.
He conveyed the finding of the church and, according to him, did not receive even gratitude from the Austin.
"I wanted to hear as he said, "You know, Justin, you have done correctly.
We understand what you have done and what could do," quotes CRC-TV.
It seems that the finding is related to theft that took place in the Church of Lakewood seven years ago.
Then about 200,000 dollars were lost in cash and 40,000 dollars in the form of cheques stored in the church safe.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer losses.
Nevertheless, a reward of $25,000 was announced for information about criminals.
Justin Cowley could not claim this amount because the award had already expired.
Despite this, the Non-Profit Organization Crime Stopers of Houston, at its time allocating five thousand dollars for the reward and later receiving 200,000 dollars for a gift from the Church of Lakewood, decided to reward the honesty of plumbing.
He will receive $200,000.
Earlier it was reported that the police interrogated pastor Joel Ostyn about the money found in the Wall of Lakewood Church.
The mystery, its statements, its actions are her characteristics of "as a real man".
It is therefore negative.
And the case is not that "it is financially rich in all the pistes", as they write here.
There are people and richer, but not all behave as suddenly as causing as these madam.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190x190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
Based on - TFC unit (256 springs per square meter).
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of loads.
Coconut measles (coconut palm fiber material) are used as a filler.
The layers of the fiber are located between the filler and the spring block.
Both sides of the mattress are higher than the average rigidity.
Removable Jacquard Sense case: cotton 5%, polyester 95%.
Tissue density - 16 g/m2.
Experience simple and tasty.
I was looking for recipes from chicken on your page.
We were given chicken.
She was grown in her house of our friends.
It weights more than four kilograms.
I want to prepare it deliciously.
I want to find a recipe for chicken baked with pieces in beer.
Didn't you try it?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes from the Internet.
China recorded a new infection of a person with a bird flu virus
A new case of human infection with a highly pathogenic H5N6 bird flu virus is recorded in China.
This was reported by the RTHK radio station, referring to the notification of Hong Kong's health authorities, TAS reports.
The 68-year-old inhabitant of Huezhou district in southern Guangdong province was infected with a household poultry.
His condition is assessed by medications as critical.
The world's first human infection with H5N6 straw virus was recorded in May 2014 in the southwest province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases has reached 53.
In Brazil, citizens obliged to submit vaccination passports when entering the country
In Brazil, they pledged to require passports entering the territory of the State, the judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF) Luis Roberto Barroso.
This is reported by CN Brasil.
A certificate of vaccination is released to citizens who have contraindications to vaccination.
The list of exceptions also includes persons arriving from countries where vaccine absence has been proven.
"The situation is even more serious, given that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for Christmas, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which involves an increase in tourism", Barossa noted.
Previously, the Brazilian authorities pledged tourists to observe five-day quarantine from coronavirus infection.
Discovered full protection scheme against COVID-19
Virusologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honoured Artist of Science of Russia Anatoly Altstein in an interview with Ura.ru revealed a scheme of full protection against coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by injecting and applying nasal vaccine.
In the internasal application, a large number of immunoglobulin A is formed. In the administration of the vaccine, this is not injected.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot penetrate the body.
And inside after vaccination, we most form immunoglobulin G (antitela).
And if you lead both vaccines, then get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But there is not yet a double vaccination decision," said the doctor.
The main preventor of UrFO, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, in turn, said that the main advantage of the use of narrow vaccination together with the injection is the possibility of ceasing to be a COVID-19 carrier.
He added that this would help because in such a case, the protection of the body was expected to become as much as possible.
Earlier, Minister of Health of Nizhny Novgorod region David Melik-Gusenov said that the new surge of the COVID-19 pandemic would lead to the spread of a new coronavirus infection among children.
According to him, this is the picture in other countries where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Youth, hm...
I talked to the cat (died long ago) so - if you are ready to change the warm house, feed, love, love, and games for the current bitch, then forward.
But the song was taught and generally smart.
I chose my society and went home.
On a video way that works in 90% of cases.
Not from the ceiling taken, believe.
I braked many owners not to run behind the dog, although they read that wars, 20,000 fled (pomski), straight took the hand and put on the other side.
As a result, "20 thousand" chose the owner, not a dog that fled somewhere there.
There are no mass protests against vaccines in Europe
More than forty thousand demonstrators came out in the Austrian capital of Vienna.
They expressed their dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and plans of the authorities to make vaccinations from covides mandatory.
Since February next year, unaccompanied people will have to pay a fine of Euro360.
Spaniards disturbed by the health policy of the authorities conducted a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some held posters in their hands with the inscription "This false pandemic", "I won't be vaccinated".
A major protest against sanitary passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, the covid certificate is mandatory for access to bars, restaurants, gyms, elderly homes and night entertainment facilities.
Decision on the introduction of sanitary passports by the authorities of several regions of the country has taken action against the increase in coronavirus infection.
In Luxembourg, more than 1,000 manifestants protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then grew into clashes with order custody.
A group of demonstrators began to throw stones to the police.
In response, law enforcement officials applied watercourses.
Nikolai S., even in Wikipedia, there is no consensus on this matter.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also marked as "the first Russian doctor, doctor of medicine", probably because she started learning before.
Let's just don't dispute, I think they deserve this title.
Here is only one agreement with Zakharova: Americans were born only death and looting any country wherever they appeared.
Matras Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut bark on the spring block TFC.
The mattress is rigid, on both sides framed with layers of natural coconut.
In the base of the mattress block of independent springs TFC.
Independent springs contribute to the proper distribution of loads, help the body adopt a natural shape.
Natural coconut hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
Case made of natural jacquard - dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to feel.
It is flat and terrible to alone, but it is inevitable, unfortunately.
It is very sad to do when you read about it.
Man must live until he can serve himself and be a bond for anyone.
All health.
WHO has detected "omicron" in six dozen States
The World Health Organization (WHO) stated that the new strains of coronavirus "omicron" had already been identified in 63 countries.
A number of experts have already said that the dissemination of the new strain may have disastrous consequences.
The rate of distribution was described in the WHO communication.
According to the organization on 9 December, straws have already been identified in 63 countries, in all six WHO regions.
This is the fact that it has become actively distributed only since the end of November.
WHO is also concerned about the high rate of new version of coronavirus.
WHO experts are concerned that the new strains, according to preliminary data, may spread the strains of the Delta, are the Indian version of the coronavirus, which is now leading in all absolute countries without exception.
Prior to that, the Director General of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhan Gebresus, stated that the omicron pace could have a significant impact on the progress of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in the United Kingdom.
Experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that "omicron" will displace "delta" in the coming months.
The number of illnesses in Britain will only be about 1 million. This is the fact that the official "omicron" currently has several hundred people in the Kingdom and estimated to 10 thousand.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the omicron straw, and more than 2,000 people will be taken to the hospital every day.
The British health system will not be able to deal with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that, according to recent studies, the vaccine efficiency of Pfizer-BioNTech against the "omicrone" strain is 32 times lower than the other types of disease.
How to respond to the "omicron" of the Russian "Satellite V" so far is unknown - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamalei Center only started testing the Russian vaccine at the "omicron" straw.
Why can we see the stage of ageing?
It would be better to see the performance of your exercises in detail.
It is unclear in the first exercise, how to do: here on the heels or standing on the knees, as it is written, but how then will it fall upon the thighs?
Or hands on the body?
An interesting block, you are right, communication on the Internet is quite another, communicate easily and uncoercised, and at a personal meeting and say nothing.
And I'm surviving to see a man, perhaps it's not what you've expected, you don't want - from here and attitude.
When you meet your man, then the views are changed.
And again the Soviet time is called "the time of destruction".
And then people believed in God much more honest than today.
Yes, they were educated almost according to God's laws (loves to the neighbour, not stolen, etc.).
What ideology today is money or price.
Boltunam type of Globe faith is small (yes it is not at all), but even if so, then the time of destruction came in the 1990s...
Our Pitter, precise Leningrad communal with Great Zelenina supports communication so far.
Of course, we are not the closest friends, but the warmest relationship of the older generation tries to preserve.
Perhaps this is due to the fact that there were no visitors in the apartment, the rooms were not sold, and the blockade brotherhood no one cancelled.
Unfortunately, it is increasingly seen in funerals.
Lara Angela, let's bross you!
Men's children, especially men's sex, strong, mobile energetic, frustrating, pushing, fighting, deruting, as well as their little "gathering" in living nature!
He only feared that not such soft as puppies or kittens, so blues, bushes, scratches are a normal thing, but not a bumerang!
Yes, for what?
Brother pushed, didn't he calculate?
And you're always straight such a catch that never anything was injured or injured?
Matras SkiSlep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm.
The Bonel Wave Space BS (Vev Spes BiEs) mattress has a moderate rigidity on both sides.
The comfortable layers of the mattress are a combination of coconut plates and artificial latex with the relief surface - ErgoFoam.
Cotton cover, made of jacquard weaving tissue.
It is durable, resistant to wear, however, well passes the air without preventing the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is stretched on the synthepone, it gives him softness.
Practical mattress for the bedroom.
The coconut bark has antimicrobial properties, it is rigid, evenly distributed weight on it.
Artificial latex with bright sharp surface provides a micromassage mattress effect.
Long-term materials, reliable design.
Bonel block, in which springs are connected with each other, is characterized by reliability, it withstands heavy loads, fits well pairs with a small weight difference.
According to the perimeter of the product fixed with a box from PU - it extends the life of the mattress, protects springs from deformation by edge.
Israeli Prime Minister Benet reported the beginning of school vaccination
The Israeli Ministry of Health has launched an emergency vaccination programme since Sunday.
Since morning 12 December, coronavirus vaccination has been carried out in schools throughout Israel.
The Prime Minister of the Jewish State, Naftali Benet, at today's meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers, reported that the issue of vaccination of the fourth dose of nationals at risk would also be examined.
In Israel, the mass vaccination of the population from COVID-19 coronavirus infection began on 20 December 2020.
Israelis take the drug Pfizer.
Since 10 January last year, vaccinations began to receive a second dose.
The vaccination of adolescents from 12 to 15 years in the country started early June this year.
At present, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of vaccination, thirds - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gauer, probably the mite will not use a trap, he is PAUKOBRAZNOE, as expressed by LALA.
In any case, I don't see the mites.
But I am curious, and suddenly there is still?
It is necessary to throw something else, to blame
Children's mattress Dimax Geni 70x190
Children's bilateral mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut bark based on an independent spring unit EVS50.
Children's spring mattress made of latex and coconut on an independent spring block.
Natural latex - soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep as comfortable as possible.
On the turning side of the mattress medium rigidity, convenient, from natural coconut fiber and latex.
In the base of the mattress the block of independent springs.
Springs distribute the load on the surface of the mattress as accurate as possible and uniformly as possible, supporting the body in a natural position.
Great option for schoolchildren and adolescents.
The cover is made of polycotone.
The material is durable, wear-resistant, not exposed to washing.
In Brazil, seven people died as a result of the livne
No less than seven people were killed and 175 were affected by powerful leaves that had arrived in and neighbouring the north-eastern Brazilian state of Baya.
This is reported in TAS with reference to rescue services.
On the border of these states, an extratropical cyclone has been buffing since the middle of the week, resulting in 450 metres of rainfall in the region. In 25 municipalities of Bayia, the state of emergency has been declared, some of which have become the most destructive in 35 years.
Several bridges were destroyed, two river dams were overlapped on three routes.
According to the rescuers, about 5.7 thousand people were left without blood and 6.7 thousand were forced to leave their homes.
More than 85,000 inhabitants of the region suffered damage from the poem.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol's muscle, I'm working with medicines.
It relieves inflammation well.
I personally like Bepanten for regeneration of surface wounds and gardens, but you can see what is effective on the site.
The main thing is that the healing process is going on, such a conductor was, just live.
Hola, España, you didn't hear me so and didn't understand.
Answer the lines of M. Isakovsky: "Fly flight birds\nExcellent summer search.\n
They fly to hot countries, I don't want to fly, I'm staying with you, I'm gonna fly my side!
I don't need the sun alien, I don't need any other land."
And believe that photos from the park, where I skied, or my city will not be worse.
Of course, it would be interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Wax Small MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 sq., rolling, in plastic case.
Set of 12 bright wax mines in a plastic case with a rolling rod.
Do not tick, do not pack handles, absolutely safe.
Do not require storms.
Housing made of high quality durable plastic.
Reusable packing: clasp bag - milk.
$135 billion in applications - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user expenditures in applications rose by 25 per cent worldwide and the number of downloads by 8 per cent.
Various video services were the most popular in the world.
Most users downloaded CapCut video editor and spent the most in YouTube.
And the number of application downloads and the cost of users in them showed a significant increase between January and November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. Another substantial increase in user tracks in applications: by 25%, to record $135 billion.
Such data were published by the analytical company Ap Anie, which presented a report on the mobile application market in 2021.
In 2021, the world economy emerged from the elbow and began post-pandemic reconstruction.
"Would such a "return to physical" growth of the economy of applications be impaired? Several", the authors of the report consider.
India was the leader in the number of downloads of applications: it accounts for about 20 per cent of all downloads.
The United States (9%) and Brazil (8%).
Users of gadgets on iOS, as before, spent more than users with Android: iOS accounted for 65% of all costs in applications.
Among the annexes, CapCut video editor took the first place by number of downloads for 2021.
It is followed by two Indian applications: MX TakaTak video service and Mesho online trading application.
The top 10 downloads also include Telegrams.
Overall, if you judge the number of downloads, among users are popular VPN services (their top-10 two - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to video creation and broadcasting (except CapCut and MX TakaTak in top-10 include two other services - My and SnackVideo).
"The most users have spent in direct broadcasting and online restraint applications," the authors note.
Leads here YouTube, the top 5 on users' costs also include TikTok video services, Disney+ and HBO Max restraint video services, as well as Japanese Picoma Mangu subscription service.
The first places by number of monthly active users occupy Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok, locks the top 5 mobile version of Microsoft Office.
In Russia, the leader in the number of downloads for the year was the shopping application AliExpress.
It is followed by Zenly service, which shows the location of friends, and still the same CapCut.
Also in top-10 applications include: online caraoke StarMaker, online retailer clothing Shein, application Maps for Minecraft PE, online taxi order service DiDi, client for YouTube Pure Tuber, application retailer "Dixi" and online store "Samokat".
People around the world have adapted to the pandemic through the transition to life in mobile, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The industries that helped people to be closer both virtually and personally achieved the greatest success," commented the results of the report by Ap Annie Lexy Sidou, Head of Marketing Research.
The revenue of the mobile game sector in 2021 reached $90 billion by the number of downloads was casual and hypercasual games in which there is no or almost no story, and video formation is minimal.
The top 3 most popular games in the world include Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia among the games lead DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, Ap Annie presented its forecast for 2002.
Among the main trends of next year, analysts of the company called an increase in the number of users of TikTok to 1.5 billion, an increase in popularity in the generation of Z financial applications, such as Robinhod investor applications, as well as a further increase in popularity of metaversive mobile games.
Clan De File for dogs with beef, 30 pcs. to 40 g.
Natural roll varnishing for dogs of all breeds and ages of beef.
Clan De File - meat file for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
Natural roll varnishing for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Only one type of protein - beef is used in the preparation.
This reduces the risk of food allergy, and therefore, varnishing will perfectly suit dogs with sensitive food cooking and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of lacquering is the meat file processed in accordance with quality standards, which are used in cooking for human grade.
Recommended daily diet: no more than 10% of adult daily diet.
Energy value: 407 kcal.
Composition: file beef.
Food value: proteins - 57, fat - 17, ash - 4, injections - 20.
Russians warned about a new scheme of fraudsters
Thinkers started looking for new manoeuvres for fraud in video messages.
This is written by Izvestia with reference to experts.
According to the product director Ivideon Zaura Abutalimova, the main danger associated with the distribution of video communications means is dipphics.
In this case, fraudulent video is created based on real records with the victim's participation.
Thanks to this, the neurosets can accurately reproduce the characteristics of a person's behaviour.
Abutalimov added that using a dipphic, malicious thinkers can call a familiar victim by video communication or create a video with the participation of a copy of a person for mailing for the purpose of chanting.
"This fraud can easily provoke bulling, since a subjugated malicious thinker can place people in non-lep, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scripts," the expert said.
The leading system engineer Varonis Alexander Vetkol in turn noted that psychological people are more trusted by others when they see them.
He stressed that it could create specific risks in the case of video technology.
David, add.
In what I wrote above, I emphasized that all this was bought in a small city, where the local mentality did not allow to beautiful and walk in short legs, show stockings and pantyhose on the legs.
This is the province, but in the shop BIL such a product.
In large cities and Muslims beautyed, and the cliffs showed.
This is the case in Dushanbe, this is a big city, the capital of the Republic.
There are many fashionables, and there are no cosmetics.
Listed five actions that will help avoid sugar diabetes
The problems of blood sugar are one of the world's most common.
However, some do not give this great importance, and vision.
Sugar diabetes can lead to severe complications and even death over time.
Preventive activities play a key role in preventing diseases.
Thus, doctors recommend changing the drinking regime - reducing the number of beverages and switching to ordinary water have a positive effect on metabolism.
Sweet products increase blood sugar to a dangerous indicator when used excessively.
Therefore, the first step towards a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and store them at home.
The emergence of the disease affects not only malnutrition but also habits.
In order to reduce the risks of sugar diabetes, much needs to be moved.
Specialists advise to adhere to a low-carbon diet.
Such diet will not only help to reduce weight, but also protect against sharp fluctuations in sugar levels.
Many cells are needed to protect against diabetes.
Food fibers fill the stomach and thus contribute to the emergence of a sense of satisfaction, the allocation of dietary juices and the development of food.
Tomato seeds GAVRIŠ Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, art. No. 4241014.
Low-adult wound biftomate with large fruit for cultivation in open soil and under temporary film shelves.
The plant is determinant, with short interdoses.
The fruits of large, saturated pink, quite dense, meat 180-210 g, protected from sun burning leaves, are well stored.
Soft juice, with sugar taste.
Hybrid is resistant to the complex of diseases.
Recommended for cooking salads, snacks and cuttings.
Seeding on the race: at the end of March - early April.
Pikirovka - in phase 1 of this sheet.
Planting the plant in the greenhouse - in May.
After planting in the open ground, the plant is formed and tied.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer possesses class A energy efficiency, allowing to consume noticeably less electricity during operation.
The freezer is perfect for both a private house and an apartment thanks to the use of quality small noise compressors and excellent noise insulation.
The camera works not louder than a normal refrigerator.
The fast freezing function freezes products as soon as possible, maintaining the maximum amount of useful substances.
The Slavda FC-160 freezer corresponds to the Climate Class N/ST, allowing it to work easily at temperatures in the room up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Doctor Pavlova told about the "migration of the weekend" of workers
The deterioration of suicide in the output may lead to several factors
The reason for the deterioration of suicide after working days is often the "migration of the weekend", said a well-known doctor-endocrinologist, Candidate of Medical Sciences, senior scientist of the Faculty of Basic Medicine of the Ministry of Education, scientific head of the System Medicine Clinic Zuhr Pavlov in his telegram channel.
She said that, especially often, labour workers suffered from headaches, divorce and weaknesses in the weekend.
Dr. Pavlova noted that, in addition to the fatigue accumulated during the week, there are quite a lot of objective reasons for the negative reaction of the body to changing conditions.
In the weekend, our lives are fundamentally changing.
"Sleeping for a long time, all day I lie on the sofa, probably eat more, and the pem less," the doctor argumented. "Owing to the lack of coffee, a small scratch begins.
Due to the transfer and shortage of water, gravity and breakdown."
The late rise plays an additional role.
So, if you get up to three hours later normal, then there will be a reaction called Jetlag.
It arises from travelers who cross several hour belts.
In order to determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in deteriorating self-sensitiveness, Paul recommended that the most severely changing output.
Mattress Benarti Optimal Hard S100 130х185.
Increased perimeter of high density foam significantly increases the life of the mattress.
The mattress "Optimal Hard S100" with different sides of rigidity, the total height of the mattress is 23 cm.
Maximum permissible load per bed up to 140 kg.
The base of the mattress is an independent spring block "S000" (1,000 springs per bed).
Each spring is in a separate fabric pocket, which allows you to properly distribute the body load.
For additional protection of the spring block, the insulation layer from the fiber is added, dividing mattress and spring fillers.
On the one hand, the mattress is located a layer of coconut bark 2 cm thick, adding additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
The guy jacket, stretched on an artificial latex with a thickness of 2 cm and Holcon 1 cm material, which provides additional comfort.
On the other hand, the mattress is located a layer of coconut bark with a thickness of 1 cm and a layer of fiber is used.
Fabric is treated with special antibacterial testing Sanitized (Sweden).
Testing ensures the complete destruction of mold mushrooms, prevents microorganisms, dust mites and microbes from developing.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient turning handles, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of layers.
South Africa scientists stated that Pfizer vaccine is lowly effective against "omicrone"
In South Africa, Pfizer vaccine vaccination against "omicrone" was stated
Scientists of the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported low efficiency of Pfizer vaccine against coronavirus omicrone.
It is estimated that (the level of neutralization of "omicron") corresponds to (verbal) vaccine efficacy of 2.5% against symptoms infections, because ... the ability of the vaccine to protect against infections is doubtful, the text of the study published on the MedRxiv portal.
At the same time, specialists specified that the drug can save from heavy disease flow.
Earlier at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that coronavirus omicrone can cause a new wave of pandemic with more frequent hospitalization than a year ago.
How many hidden sugar in habitual products?
Sugar is not the best source of useful nutrients.
Its surplus in diet can lead to second type diabetes, as well as to cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should bear in mind that a hidden sugar ingredient similar to calorie, composition and glycemic index may be indicated under the unfamiliar word in the product.
Several dozen names can be presented on the label, namely sugar.
One of the most common and frequent names is glucose and fruit.
Other sugars, such as dextrosis (sugar, corn), levulose (fruct sugar), melasa (black heel), agavi syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates that relate to mono- and disacharides, and they can be not only in confectionery products, but also in ketchup, in doctoral collbase, bread, etc.
As stated in Christmas, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to use whole and rough products, as well as to draw attention to the label and many different names of sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but no matter how called the ingredient in the product - syrup or nectar, processed or processed, brown or white - it still remains sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar because it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the packaging, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total number of sugar can be significantly higher than the label.
Germany Scholz Chancellor: Gas Loses Importance for FRG 25 Years ago
The new FRG Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that imports of gas are of importance to Germany, as the country continues to move to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal by 2045, becoming a climate-neutral country.
"This is a 25-year-old world that the issue of gas transportation to FRG and Europe will play a different role," Chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany continued to remain committed to transporting Russian natural gas in the future, as at present this resource is important for the energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States made a statement that recorded support from Berlin for the energy transformation of Ukraine.
Earlier, Head of the German Foreign Ministry Analena Berbok stated that the process of certification of the North Stream 2 gas pipeline continues.
According to the Minister, as part of the coalition negotiations and the discussion of the coalition treaty, it was stated that European energy law should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also indicated that the pipeline "not yet complies with the requirements" of the European Union.
Thank you for interesting photos!
The year in 1985 was to go to the region.
Beautifully remember ČMEZ, climbing from Kanatčikovo station to the mountain, outside the old building (like the centralization post, two-storey), along Kanatčikovsky pass, and turning right to the street of Babylov, to the factory gate...
Hackers broke Twitter Prime Minister of India
Hackers broke the Twitter Account of the Prime Minister of India Narendra Moda.
The abusives managed to publish a fake message.
India reportedly recognized Bitcoin as a legitimate payment and that the country had already purchased cryptocurrency.
The Fashion office asked for ignorance of new messages.
The Prime Minister stated that Twitter quickly reacted - access to the account was restored.
The countries of the Prime Minister of India had already broken down in 2020 and called for donations to the fund through cryptocurrency.
At the New Caledonia referendum, the majority voted against independence
The third referendum in New Caledonia, held on 12 December, ended with the same result as the two previous ones.
According to the first partial results announced on Sunday, 12 December, at noon, the majority of New Caledonia's inhabitants voted during the referendum against the independence of their territory.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the two previous ones.
According to the preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51% (2,755) voted for New Caledonia's independence, while 96.49% (75,762) voted against.
The Java was 43.90%, with over 800,000 New Caledonia residents participating in the elections.
As these interim outcomes of the French Press Agency comment, "the outcome of these elections did not leave doubts", since the supporters of independence called for voters not to vote.
As the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on 12 December, considering that the new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic on the archipelago prevented a full and "fair" electoral campaign.
This failure thus opened the way to the third victory of the supporters of the French New Caledonia, following the referendums held in November 2018 and October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7 per cent of the population voted against independence, 53.3 per cent in 2020.
According to separatists, they do not recognize the results of the last vote and challenge them at the United Nations.
As reported on Sunday, 12 December, at the Palace of Elisea, French President Emmanuel Macron should speak after the referendum.
The theme of the independence of New Caledonia has revitalized many recent weeks of the presidential campaign in France.
Several presidential candidates were in favour of the remaining territory of France, since it was a "last region of European Union presence in the Pacific".
"New Caledonia must remain French," said Eric Zemur repeatedly.
The same statement was made by the Candidate of the Republicans Valery Pekres, who published a column in Le Figaro at the end of October, calling on the Caledonians to remain French.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not occupy the position "because it is not his responsibility".
Nevertheless, the President added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia".
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "the strong desire for the choice of Caledonians to be the choice of France".
Light, oh, hello!
I'm a little... a lot of hurt, still no hurt, stubborn.
Thank you for not going away from my channel.
By theme: I am not an artist, I love painting, but I get an inspired muscle.
But how the artist is not to the artist at all: what would he change here?
Only do not forget that food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as widespread as now.
And here medicine was on zero - beverages, garlic and boilers.
Now they would be able to put them on their feet.
And food is absolutely in no way.
In Turkey, the world's first laser-weapon drone
Turkey has successfully tested the first laser-weapon drone in the world.
PLA "Eren" tested at distances from 10 to 50 mm, reports "MIR24".
The device is able to neutralize explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum height of the new flight reaches 3,000 m.
Once the relevant tests have been carried out, BPLA should enter the Turkish military, which will be used to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of sapers.
The Agency stresses that Turkey is among the six countries in the world that can develop and produce their own drones.
I'm hunting with stacks.
Salt, sugar, pepper with peas and shower peas.
Sometimes the carnation was extracted, it does not hinder.
In a deep cup, on top he covered with a dish.
Well, like all.
And why is this seed for me, for such money is unknown as a great fish.
Bread, cream oil, pumpkin.
Enriched sandwich.
WS readers criticized articles on Russia and the United States relations
The Wall Street Journal readers criticized the articles of Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the USA.
The author expressed concern that the West allegedly sacrifices Ukraine to Russia.
In his article he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow, and allowed a number of insulting speeches against Russian President Vladimir Putin.
At the end of Hartwell, Western countries called for "to act as a single front against Russia".
WS readers expressed their disagreement with the position of American professor.
"This article is quite a lot of false information," says RIA News commentary by one of the readers.
“Europe is not ours to “terrify” it, and Ukraine is not our land.
The USA and NATO allies will never enter the nuclear war with Russia for Ukraine," said another.
Patches can also be used in the lips.
The Dearbo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch Patch patch is a high-tech polymer that provides increased nutrition and transmission of the skin of highly concentrated natural vegetable essence, densely adjacent to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
When transmitting nutrients, the skin hydrogel minimizes the associated moisture loss and forces the essence to penetrate into deep layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Listra with PDU Nores
The 2085/EL NORES series is made of metal base (basic) and plastic lens.
The material of the lens is high-quality acrylic white matte color, providing the lamp with uniform lens and good light transmission.
Plaffon shape: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric drawing, decorated with transparent points that give the included lamp a beautiful effect of "star measurement" and transfusion.
The IP43 degree of protection allows the use of a lamp in certain wet areas.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses with a capacity of 72 W, which corresponds to a filament lamp of 520 W.
As well as the DU remote, which makes a smooth change in color temperature of 3,000-6,000K, brightness change, heat/white/cold/night switching mode.
Face mask moisturizing thermal night 50 ml.
Ultramoisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, relaxing and shining skin in the morning!
This "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tonicates, smooths the skin relief and restores the skin barrier.
Very pleasant water-gel texture without sticky.
Excellent skin care after active sun exposure!
Hypoallergenic.
Magnitude earthquake 5.2 occurred in the Kuril Islands region
The earthquake of the magnitude of 5.2 occurred near the Smoking island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the earthquake epicentre was 231.8 km north-east of the city of North-Kurilsk.
The eyes depended on the depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier seismologists recorded an earthquake of 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were affected.
If he was born in a poor American family and tried to arrive at people, it is unknown where his minor bourgeois thought would be.
Good when you came to America by a famous man.
And you are born there, it is unknown for what you would be fighting.
So he hunted dirt, yellow and poisonous, whose righteousness was not yet invented.
Ukraine will begin to produce new generation reactive drones
At the new Ukrainian-Turkish plant will begin to create reactive unmanned aircraft (BPLA) of ANKA type.
This was reported on December 1, by an advisor to the head of the office of the Ukrainian President Alexey Arestovich.
That is, they are capable of acting against aircraft, against other drones.
Even against aviation is piloted.
They will be Ukrainian engines and the rest of the Turkish airline: the building and the same," quotes Dialog.ua.
Commenting on the main features of the ANCA devices, Arestovich said that it was a reactive rather than piston BPLA.
According to him, this is a new generation of unmanned pilots after Bayraktar, which exceed it "in all characteristics".
The first BPLA party should be made by the factory at the end of next year, concluded by Arestović.
ANCA aircraft was established by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the pilot was carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
On the eve of the Ukrainian General Staff declared data on the use of Bayraktar and Javelin missile systems during military operations of the combined forces in the Donbass.
On December 6, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky said that the construction of a factory for the manufacture of modern military pilots began in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Defence Ministry concluded an agreement on construction in the Kiev region of the center in which staff training will be conducted, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish BPLA Bayraktar.
The press service of the Ukrainian leader called this memorandum "a big real step forward".
Two lions fled at the airport from the container
At Singapore airport Changi ran lions.
The Straits Times reports this.
Two predators were able to choose from a container with seven lions arriving on one of the aircraft.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they have brought to Singapore and where they have been sent.
One of the white Lvivs smooths on the roof of the container.
The animals could not be withdrawn from him because of a number of protective mesh installed.
The opposition ended after the arrival at Mandai Wildlife Group airport, leading all Singapore zoos.
They deprived Lviv with the help of wires with a tranquillizer and plan to deliver them to the quarantine institution.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, the lion fled from the owner and walked around the streets of the city.
On the same day, the animal voluntarily returned home, people did not suffer.
Specialists warned about the risk of cancer due to vitamin B9
Research shows that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
This was warned by Daily Express.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people without folic acid failure less risk of disturbing certain types of cancer, in particular colorectal.
However, excessive dose on the contrary contributes to the growth of cancer cells.
Professor of the University of Alabama in Birmingham, dietologist Bet Kitchin advises to monitor the amount of folic acid consumed during the day.
The optimal dose is 40 micrograms per day.
The risk of cancer is increased only if it is significantly deviated from this figure to a large or smaller side.
Childhood recommends not to take vitamin B9 in tablets without a doctor's recommendation, necessarily monitor the dosage and avoid cotton with milk and other food products containing foil acid.
Rachel Fan's food consultant called folic acid a substance that slows aging.
Because it is contained in avocado, among other things, Fan recommended that men after 50 years more frequently have this fruit.
In the UK by April, about 75,000 people may die due to omicron steam
Projections from British scientists show that the spread of coronavirus omicrone in the coming five months in England may die up to 75,000 people unless restrictive winter measures are tightened.
This was reported by The Guardian with reference to the study of experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), TAS reports.
According to the most optimistic forecast of specialists who are part of the Scientific and Advisory Group on Emergency Situations in the British Cabinet, by April 2002 at least 25,000 mortals of omicron straw will be recorded in the country and about 175,000 patients will be hospitalized.
More than 2,000 infected people will be taken daily at the peak of hospital morbidity.
"Great measures to combat coronavirus may be required to prevent the overload of the National Health Service if the omicron pace is more contagious than the delta variant, and the existing vaccines will not be able to exclude infection," said Rozana Barnard of LSHTM mathematics.
Earlier, the British Health Security Agency informed: if the rate of omicron scale remains at the current level, approximately 1 million infections will be detected by the end of the year.
At the same time, by mid-December, omicron strains can become dominant in the United Kingdom.
At present, 1,898 cases of omicrone coronavirus infection have been detected in Britain, 63 of which have been detected in recent days.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sadjid Javid, said that in reality, this figure could already reach 100,000 cases.
I wanted to write some reasonable comments, but I read here before that place:
"Dress obtained as a result of the unlikely suffering of the animal's accident and his employment for secondary work".
And the table was locked!
It gets, the "unhappy animal" is a husband, and I thought she was shinching!
The last king on this planet.
Richard Krai, according to diesel, thoughts you are not very accessible to most.
What did you mean - what are those who are in instagrams who are playing or they are exactly doing everything, for they will be done by nothing?
SZ looks like a thing stream, everything that has not happened at its time is here.
If you set a goal and dig well, you can find something becoming more.
Just need to get patient and understand clearly what you are looking for.
The demand for superachts rose worldwide by fourth
The construction of superachts this year and orders for the next year to be all records in the world despite calls to reduce hydrocarbon footprint and combat climate change.
In the world register of vessels, the number of yachts ordered was 120 units, fourth more than last year.
In the era of combating the effects of climate change on reducing greenhouse gas emissions, it is difficult to imagine that the number of people wishing and money on the floating fortress for Pound50 million and above will not be reduced, says Gardian.
However, they are becoming increasing.
This year, 25 per cent of vessels were ordered more than in the previous year.
Brokers say that such an agiotage on the market was not 20 years old.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht fear infection on land and prefer to hide from the pandemic on board their own vessel.
The second reason is also related to coronavirus.
If earlier all these people went to the office and met with business partners personally, now the absolute majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are conducted in winter.
Broker Will Christy told the newspaper that ships accept orders for new yachts for 2025 and later.
This means that customers are ready to pay more, only their yacht would be ready for at least one year or two before.
"People simply want freedom, and the superrich could afford her," he said.
In Western society, many criticize such behaviour and call it decadent.
Rich, sociologists say, do not want to understand that during times of deprivation of travel to outer space, life on yachts or flight on their own planes cause irritation in society, since elite does not want to share responsibility for climate change with all other humankind.
Economists call on Governments to act and propose new taxes and rules for superrich, although they understand that, with such mobility, it will be extremely difficult to do so.
Meanwhile, only the number of ordered super yachts is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 120 vessels, 27 have a length of feed above 100 meters.
The Norwegian billionaire of the River builds the REV Ocean yacht with a length of 183 meters.
After descent to water, this will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht includes a sunny swimming pool, as well as an underwater boat designed to explore sea depths.
On existing super yachts ordinary steel helicopters, open-air cinemas, and some of them, such as the yacht of the fighter McGregora - a platform for uniforms.Professor of economic anthropology at the American University in Indiana Richard Wilk says that compared to the total number of greenhouse gas electors, carbon traces produced by super rich, are small.
But it is symbolic if it takes into account that multi-milliarders in the world are just over 2,000 people.
This is just another example of excess consumption of a very small group of people.
Scientists found that the emissions of billionaires are thousands of times more than the medium-sized inhabitant of the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, the largest pollutant of the planet Roman Abramovich is responsible for 3.9 tons of greenhouse gases that fell into the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two thirds of the emission trace were hidden on his Eclipse yacht of 162.5 meters long.
Even if the owner is not on yacht, the team continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the team a yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
The owners of the superachts do not cause the sympathy of others when they, as the richest Australian woman, Gina Ranhard, owned by mines on the continent, complain through Itub that there is no place for their giant vessels to harvest.
It is also difficult to understand its call to build marines for vessels mixing 50 metres.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol leading to intestinal cancer has been defined
American scientists have determined what amount of alcoholic beverages per week increases the risk of cancer development.
This is written by Daily Express.
Specialists concluded that the use of four or more portions of alcoholic beverages per week was attributable to increased risk of oncology development.
At the same time, the likelihood of the disease increases with an increase in the number of alcohol used.
Moreover, the risk of intestinal cancer is higher in moderate men than in women.
The exact reason for the development of such a type of oncology cannot be determined by scientists, noting only that certain factors lead to a detrimental process for the body.
Thank you to the author for decent materials and photos.
Sergey, I see nothing bad in hisism and hordine.
As you do not see hisism and hordines in a man looking for himself a free surrogate mother to raise her costs and responsibility, and enjoy the name of the father at a safe distance.
Why they work in the ministry, they are the most in the circus.
I understand that everything should have been with the royal scale, but the model is very hyperthrophylene.
Even it is difficult to imagine how the poor Diana swelled in the card, and in general all movements.
I was 12 years old, and I remember that the ceremony was shown on the TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful lush dresses, and I am not excluded.
But looking at this dress, I thought to be a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many, and more precisely all dog lovers are sure that these creatures are very smart.
But even they do not guess how quadrennial pets are actually developed.
For many years, biologists have conducted various experiments to probably learn how to develop intelligence in animals.
Although the dictionary stock of the dog is not as extensive as human, but a new study proves that the dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The works of scientists were published in Sciencealert.
Dogs cannot play chess or make things, nothing senses in politics, economics and art, but they often manage to define their own owners.
Representatives of some species consider experts to show the best results in understanding the words of human language, but statistics are still insufficient for accurate conclusions.
Thus, some breeds are traditionally considered to be doggy genius - for example, labradors.
The scientists concluded that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and the ability to learn does not assign a two-year-old child.
Matras Dreamline Dream masaž TFK 80x20.
Mattress on an independent spring unit TFC with natural latex and coconut bark.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent TFC unit.
This is a reliable modern design made of 512 independent springs on the bedroom.
Each spring is in a separate mixture and does not affect the neighbours.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed as uniformly as possible.
Man takes natural form during sleep.
Springs for durability are insulated from the upper layers of thermal fiber.
The surface of the fiber is located layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and beautiful properties.
One side is complemented by a thin layer of natural semizonal latex.
This natural filler has 7 zones of comfort, contributes to the perception of human weight, has a light massage effect.
The Antistress case is made of a velour stretched for 250 g of cholcone per square metre.
It is pleasant to feel and external, has calming, relaxing properties.
Owl, a bright example - deep water remnants Taumaticht Aksel.
Some of his victims are so great that they cause the death of the rebellion.
It is simply unable to swallow them, and teeth do not allow to swallow too much extraction back into water.
If you are fateless of your real estate in the number of four objects, why did you decide that your objects are someone interested in and will please them?
Today, the law gives you the opportunity to manage your property.
Manage yourself if you don't like how others do.
In Ukraine prepared for the trade of the United States and Russia
The USA and Russia will "trade" about Ukraine's entry into NATO, analyst Alexander Kochetkov said in his article for the publication "Glavred".
In his view, Washington and Moscow are planning to continue negotiations on United States guarantees that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance despite the words of American leader Joe Baden on the right to join anywhere.
If you offer something well-knownly unacceptable, well, for example, sell a close relative to sexual slavery, you will not be traded, but simply send the suggestor.
And for Ukraine there is a bid," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia is not planning to attack Ukraine, but strives for dialogue with Kiev.
"The training is carried out in a hidden, rapid and immediate manner to move to offensive acts rather than wait until the group finds and deploys forces of opposition," he said.
China stimulates rail transport industry development
Advanced Chinese technologies attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the China International Rail Transport and Equipment Exhibition 2021, held in Zhongzhou Province of Junan /Central China/.
The main technologies developed by CRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical faults, the representative of Hou Zhaoven said.
High-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway line, which was operational at the beginning of this month, are already equipped with these technologies, thus ensuring increased reliability and mobile capacity.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased exports of railway vehicles and many Asian and European countries are witnessing "Chinese speed".
In May this year, CRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co.,Ltd met the first two-storey electric trains developed in China to export to Europe.
At the maximum working speed of 20 kilometres per hour, these trains will be trained on railways Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, the trial operation of the subway train, developed by the company for Turkey, began.
The train will be moved through the metropolitan connecting the center of Istanbul to the airport of the city.
The Metro Movement will be open next year.
This will be the fastest metro line in Turkey at speed of 120 kilometres per hour.
"The Chinese Rail Transport Equipment Industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international competitiveness," said Fen Yaosan, Head of the Trade and Investment Department of the Chinese Committee for the Promotion of International Trade.
"This industry is the main competitive advantage of Chinese production of high-quality equipment in the world market," said Fen Yaosan.
After more than 60 years of tension, having conducted a number of independent research and developments, China has established an advanced system of production of rail transport equipment, with a full range of support equipment and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaosana, the country is the first to electrify railways and operate on high-speed and urban railways.
Biologist listed early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semen Holoshekin in an interview with Radio Satellite listed early signs of dementia.
According to him, the signs of future dementia may be forgotten, as well as a number of moderate cognitive violations, such as inability to concentrate, plan, reduce abstract thinking.
The discussion is under way that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and a risk factor, the expert said.
Glochekin stressed that the causes of dementia may be non-generative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, shortage of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and brain vessel atherosclerosis are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that to date doctors do not know effective ways of treating dementia.
It is therefore necessary to start preventing it in time.
According to him, the risk of dementia development will help learning foreign languages and active communication.
Also, WHO recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical load, regularly training cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive memory and thinking logic
"There are recommendations for the application of various BADs, but their effectiveness and feasibility are still discussed in the scientific community," said Gloshekin.
"World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical stress, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies requiring intensive memory and thinking logic", said Gloshekin.
Previously, a charitable dementia research organization in Britain stated that the disease is increasingly affecting people aged 40.
Medicines called early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first disturbing sign can be considered visual problems, due to which the patient becomes complex in the recognition of objects.
Another sign of developing weaknesses, specialists called aphasia - a state when a person cannot find the right words to pass on what he wants to say.
Neurologist needed to send Sakashvili for treatment abroad
Former Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili needs psychotherapy and rehabilitation abroad, said the journalist Otar Toidze, a neurologist who is part of the doctor's consensus established under the Georgian Ombudsman.
His [Sakashvili] neurological status is leading in his disease.
Stable problems are movement, coordination, variability," the expert said, noting that this is not going beyond the regulatory framework and now the former president needs to go for special rehabilitation.
"We call this neurorehabilitation and psychotherapy, which we did not find in Georgia," said Toidze, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution that is not in Georgia.
In the evening of 7 December, Saakashvili began to sabotage medical care after the staff of the prison service subjected to disciplinary punishment.
Georgian policy was rapidly able to abolish punishment and restore itself in previous rights.
Alexander, "You still take money?" - I'm interested in where such people climb...
for bread in bulk pays normally, and for the work of the repetitor - no?
Or are we so holy that we are trying to spice?
There is another side of the medal.
These people are parasites on the body of society.
They do not work, taxes do not pay, live on benefits and at the expense of relatives.
Complete health care is provided.
How many lips can feed the working?
All numerous food, drug addicts, who also lost health due to their foolishness.
Then we are surprised by the extension of the pension age.
These amounts could be spent on the treatment of really ill people.
Of course, the red flag of the Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and should not be mixed with the state.
The red flag has a reverse side, is a symbol of communist movement, so never be able to be public.
It is time for the author to tie with provocative articles, it is time for the red to burn and begin to live normal life, not for the past.
Protests against COVID passports in Spain
In the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, protests against a mandatory COVID-19 vaccination certificate have been held, the Europa Press Agency submits.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants was about 3,000.
In Barcelona, COVID passports became mandatory for hiking to bars, restaurants, gyms, elderly homes and night entertainment facilities.
Many manifestants came to action without masks.
They accused the State of totalitarianism by losing their posters and called for respect for the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination passports will also be required for entertainment facilities and restaurants of more than 500 people.
Protests in the city reported medical dictatorship and vaccinations were called experimental.
More than 5.2 million coronavirus infections have been detected in Spain since the beginning of the pandemic, with over 8,000 deaths.
Russia also plans to impose restrictions on non-vaccinated persons.
The Government introduced draft laws on a single QR code system on 12 November in the State Duma.
Russians are expected to be able to visit places of mass events, cultural institutions, catering facilities and retail with either a certificate of vaccination or transferred disease or vaccination bearing.
The same rules will be established for train and aircraft travel.
Fire Tradition Antracite 26 cm casting with glass cover.
Fire casting with anti-cut coating Antracite TM Traditional.
Dishes are designed for daily use in home conditions.
The exclusive strength and durability of the anti-cut coating, equal to the resistance of the natural stone, are designed specifically for intensive use for every day.
Thick cast body.
Fifty-layer anti-prigar coating system of the last generation.
Premium coating reinforced by mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection against burning.
Equipped with good anti-harvesting for easy and pleasant preparation of healthy dishes without oil and fat.
At least 40,000 cooking cycles, subject to the rules of operation.
Suitable for any kind of plates except for induction.
GOST R 5162-2019.
The warranty for each product is 4 years (subject to the rules of operation of 4 years per body and 1 year for anti-cut coverage).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Castries and hotplates can be used in the oven cabinet without a glass cover.
Easy to wash.
By the logic of things, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is rarely healthy and painful (once or twice a year of ODVI), his immunity is normal.
Immunomodulators do not recommend any doctor for prevention in principle.
Immunity is supported by healthy food and sports.
Consequently, vaccination from the influenza and this covide is unsensitive.
Aerosol filter 3M 5925.
Defence level FP2, 2 pcs.
Article 713946.
Replacement FP2 brand filter for 3M 6000, 3M 750 and 3M full face masks.
It protects the breathable ways of the user from various substances in the air.
It creates a reliable barrier to infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions where the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used to protect against bacteria/viruses with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The FP2 protection class has an indicator of VAT more than 0.05 mg / cubic m3, at the maximum concentration of the pollutant 12 x VAT.
Respirators of this class of protection can retain at least 94% of harmful substances.
Pre-filters are attached to gas filters using the 3M 501 holder.
Features: low resistance to breath.
It is not difficult to review.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 750 semimasks, as well as 3M full face masks.
Compatibility with other SIZs is ensured in difficult working conditions.
The eyes of the "constitutional monarch" were painted on the network, not only to me.
And this family piar - children, father...
Rave seemed to me somehow.
Only he knew that Zatsa would accept - Batruha da Batruha.
Well, knew, said softly, and silently, let each other manifest themselves, for that they fought.
Round rise: how Chinese become skiers
The Olympiad should attract millions of people to the inclination and help create international resorts in the country
China hoped that the Olympiad would not only attract 30 million citizens to winter sports activities, which would allow President Xi Jinping to gather 1 trillion of Yuan, but also contribute to the economic development of the remote provinces.
The Tavu ski resort in Zhangzakou, located near the venue of the Winter Olympics, is becoming increasingly popular among Chinese.
In addition to the construction of infrastructure in the region, greening work is also carried out: working trees are cut off.
There are more than 70 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to accept international competitions.
In many regions of China, where resorts are located, including in Zhangzakou, there are snow problems.
The main task in the long term is to provide comfortable and interesting rest in Chinese resorts, so that all beginners become forever.
However, it is still far.
Justin Downs Counsellor said that since his last visit in 2007, the Chinese ski industry had changed to unrecognition.
Every year, more and more Chinese go to the slopes in winter.
Fiona, snowboarding from Beijing, one of them.
Despite serious changes, it will take many years to create a ski culture here, Downs believes.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
Those regions still need to develop actively and create the infrastructure necessary for recreation.
The 70-year-old Gao McCong lives in Chunli, not far from the venues of the Winter Olympics.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom of winter sports tourism.
Two years ago, from Beijing to Chongli, they carried out a speed railway, now no local resident suffers without work.
There are more and more shops that trade clothes and equipment for winter sports.
On the slopes open points of hospitality with dishes of national cuisine.
There is now even a COVID-19 test station on Tavu.
China seeks to create a prosperous winter sports industry, its athletes must become leaders of the largest international competitions, and resorts and equipment to reach the world level.
More than 50 million people in the world may face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, WHO stated
More than 50 million people in the world can be put into extreme poverty because of the coronavirus pandemic, which hampered human progress in universal access to health services, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB) stated.
In connection with the 12 December International Day of Universal Health Services, WHO and WB published two complementary reports.
They noted that the pandemic had caused malfunctions in the provision of health services, and had caused excessive tensions in health systems.
In this regard, for the first time in 10 years immunization has decreased, tuberculosis and malaria mortality has increased.
WHO and WB stressed that the pandemic had caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, so people were more difficult to pay for treatment".
This situation pushes more than 50 million people "to extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services from their pocket".
In October, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guteriš stated that the coronavirus pandemic had committed more than 10 million people to poverty, almost four billion people lacked social support.
Makita Rubber KP0810
Official dealer Makita.
A powerful engine is ideal for folding.
Small weight and excellent balance.
Use of both standard and bilateral mini-levels.
Simple system to quickly install the blades.
New ergonomic housing design, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped grooves for removing the facade of different values.
Removal system by choice: on the left or right side.
Woman, it's flea meat.
It's horrible.
Flying mouses with pangolins were already satisfied, the bears were accepted.
Oh, how many discovered strangers can prepare crochets, goddesses, lemmings anything.
Reuters: Taiwan Minister dismissed broadcasting on the Samit for Democracy at the request of the White House
The statement by the Minister of Digital Technologies, Taiwan Odry Tan, during a panel discussion during the US-organized Samita for Democracy, was transferred to a video-free mode, shows the recording of the YouTube Summit.
The Reuters Agency, referring to sources, claims that the picture was disabled upon request of the White House.
According to them, a map on which Taiwan was allocated separately from the PRC considering the island of its territory was the reason.
The map shown by Ms. Tan was compiled by the South African non-governmental organization CIVICUS and ranked the world in the degree of civil rights.
Taiwan was allocated green as "free", while China, DPRK, Laos and Viet Nam were red as "closed".
After the Minister showed the map, the picture was replaced by a screenshot, noting that the views of the panellists "not necessarily express the position of the US Government".
The People's Republic of China was not invited to "Samit for Democracy".
The sources of Reuters note that the map shown by the Taiwan Minister could contradict the "one China" policy followed by Washington.
One source of the agency stated that after the map demonstration, the US National Security Council angryly contacted the State Department, accusing him of showing it by Taiwan a separate country.
The Summit for Democracy, organized by Washington, was held from 9 to 10 December involving representatives of 10 countries and territories, as well as civil associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" summit, the Nobel Peace Prize winner, the editor-in-chief of the "New Newspaper" Dmitry Muratov called for the establishment of an international fund, through which the money obtained through corruption was given for charity.
Earlier today, Yuri Averanov, Deputy Secretary of the Russian Federation, stated that the summit has a "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge".
You are given infusion, if they cook food, and there are steep meat everywhere, the meat remains at the butterflies until the last piece.
The classic of journalism is to create news from nothing.
They boil not meat, but horn and copy, receiving adhesive substances.
See the finished product as a yellow semi-transparent flat almost without odor and hard as plastic, is used as natural gelatin.
Generally, harmful substances from debris processing are not less than its decomposition.
But it saves companies huge funds.
Therefore, a fairytale of ecology for fogs was invented, which will still work on the collection of debris for free of charge for ideas.
Personally, my contribution to the environment is the refusal to acquire unnecessary and long-term use of things.
If I go beyond - I am not thrown out, but I am charity.
Jogel Camp Jfs-120-016 football shorts, white/black (XL).
Description: Shorts football games are great for football and sports.
Shorts have a straight-convenient cross.
Wide belt combined with adjustment cord ensures comfortable landing.
The fabric is of high strength, durability, ease and good air resistance, according to the game requirements at any level.
The updated brand logo is on the left side.
Shorts are packed in a convenient package of repeated use with valve-classification.
Stylish appearance, straight cross, wide belt with cord, durable durable fabric, good airproof.
Features.
Use specialties that allow you to work via the Internet.
We have many screaming because they work on uncle, but abroad.
But because of the difference in currencies, this is profitable for us.
For other countries, we are still poor.
Of course, you will have to learn different figures, but... networking work does not depend on the domestic labour market.
Our country is almost not creating jobs.
And whatever creates, you will not earn specially on them.
Jehoist unity table set with gold (4 items).
The Royal Children's Collection is one of the widest and most famous collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains numerous charming models of silver beds, forks and knives, burns and deserts, poilers and circles.
All children's silver devices undergo strict quality control.
Ecological silver made directly at the factory, thorough hand polishing with cotton rollers makes the products absolutely safe for the child.
Due to the disinfecting silver function, the regular use of silver instruments can support the natural immunity of the body and even prevent some of the typical childhood diseases.
Specialists of the factory received a grant for the application of a complex but very beautiful technique of gilosing, which was used by the famous Karl Faberge.
This allowed you to create amazing bright and bulk images on the products.
The collection is full of cute characters that will become true friends for the child.
Inka Block, everything will be good.
There is a second easy.
Lightweight fabric is good to regenerate if not all remaining shares are removed.
If this pulmonectomy, the second easy will become more over time and will function after two.
Try to breathe full breast, fathers stronger daughters, tears are not very likely.
Do not weave earlier.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
New Shepard Spacecraft with six tourists on board carried out suborbital flights
The New Shepard spacecraft of Blue Origin with six tourists on board took a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey broadcast on the company's website lasted more than ten minutes, after which the capsules with passengers dropped on Earth, reports TAS.
The launch of a carrier missile was carried out from a spacefield in the area of the American city of Wan Horn (Texas State).
The ship rose to an altitude of just more than 100 km, space tourists were in a state of insecurity.
The carrier rocket itself was regularly landed on the spacefield.
On July 20, Blue Origin successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard ship with passengers on board.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE STATE OF MOSCOVICE.
You don't need one bit - poor people are, you may have claims for specific origins...
but what is the number of children, age, pension fund and other?
Write that they "frozen, didn't return money."
But this is how many and when they have children, not your work until they meet these children will hang you on your neck.
And once this is excluded, what right do you have to condemn them?
Probably this is only in education...
Parents elected themselves dictate their rules, frankly placing on existing ones.
And if it is concerned with other spheres of life, judicial proceedings, etc.?
The laws are not written for them.
And if the dad still implements his methodology of education and education?
There is a bad example for others.
Embroidery kit DESIGN WORKS 2719.
Set composition: Canva Aida 14 ct dark blue, mulin, shiny, paetki, needle, scheme, instruction.
Design Works production has started since 1987 and is popular worldwide to date.
Many motifs are developed by a well-known designer such as Ronald West.
Design Works sets for cross embroidery are equipped with high-quality Aida canvas, 10% cotton mullin and hobby needle No. 24.
Also in the range you will find embroidery kits on a plastic canvas, embroidery Tobin is embroidery on salads, tracks and tablecloths and more.
China strengthens the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land passages are located
A joint mechanism for preventing and controlling the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular ordering to strengthen the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land passages are located to further prevent the import of infections from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must provide a negative result of the COVID-19 Nucleic Acid Test obtained within 48 hours prior to departure.
Those who arrive in cities where land passages are located shall, upon arrival, pass at at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test.
The document states that these requirements will be valid from the date when the relevant administrative units of the provincial level determine and publish areas of those cities until 15 March 2002.
In addition, it is noted that cities in which land crossings are located and which meet certain conditions may consider creating buffer zones for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisiya Sokolova, as usual, Russian women dance to Eastern ethnicity on Indian films, which were only in Russia and steep in cinemas.
Nobody looked at this stranger in the west.
And how many cities and villages are forgotten and abandoned?
Sontele Spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, art. 510704.
Composition of layers of mattress RelaxFoam 2 cm: aloe-latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFC, coconut 2 cm, aloe-latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
Case - knitwear Splendid.
The t-shirt made of cotton has a special design.
The base is fitted with special synthetic threads, which provide special strength and softness of the material.
The sodium structure of the weaving supports natural thermoregulation and moisture during sleep and rest.
40 % cotton, 60 % polyester, density 230 g/sq. m.
Mattress Dimax OK Basis, size 130x185.
The OK Basis orthopedic spring mattress is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The practical filler Balance Foam gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but leaves the price at the budget level.
This product is an optimal combination of price and quality.
Foam Balance is a modern material that is obtained from PU.
The filler is hypoallergetic and safety.
That is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much harder than Russian.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedicity: the material supports the right position of man throughout the sleep.
Thanks to foam mattress acquired rigidity below the average level, so the product is considered to be quite soft.
The main carrier block in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is noticed by the content of independent springs, there are 256 elements immediately per square metre.
The practical unit withstands weight up to 10 kg per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface under the sleeping, reinforcing orthopedic foam quality.
The manufacturer provides the possibility of choosing between the spring block height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final value.
Be sure to specify your preferences when ordering a store operator.
The mattress is supplied in a knitted cover, along with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is unreasonable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certificate.
Bra Arte Lamp A956AP-1WG from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Excellent for premises such as the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting device is supplied in color: gold.
The lamps with E14 are used in the lamp.
The total capacity allows to illuminate approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this lamp for premises decorated in the classic style.
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs talked about the "peal conclusion" between Russia and the United States
Sergey Rabkov, Head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia, assessed the prospects of Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long way of interaction had led to sad conclusions, and problems between the two countries had not begun yesterday.
On the one hand, there is a negative predictability, but in some perspective of improving relations, everything is absolutely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion as a result of the long way we have both passed with the current administration, with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems started not yesterday," the diplomat said.
According to Rabkov, the problems related to the USA's desire to impose approaches on many issues.
MID Heads added that they would not risk providing optimistic forecasts on prospects for improving relations and would not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that, with the exception of areas such as strategic stability and cybersecurity, progress was not observed.
Russia, however, calls upon the United States to take a responsible approach to international security and hopes that signals will be heard and the Americans will listen to the arguments of a healthy sense.
Earlier, Head of the Russian Foreign Ministry Sergey Lavrov at a meeting with American Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said Moscow was ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
Virusologist warned about the danger of vaccination with a nasal drug from COVID outside hospitals
COVID-19 may have an allergy and need medical assistance, so the first points for attracting this drug should not be organized at airports and shopping centers.
This was reported by TAS virusologist, corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences, owner of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virusology of the Novosibirsk State University Sergey Netesov.
It is easier to organize vaccination points at airports and shopping centres, but I would do so first only in medical facilities.
The fact that there is a probability of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is small but desirable that a person then sit next to the doctor's cabin.
Doctors have special sets of anti-alergic drugs that operate literally in a minute to two, which sometimes is very necessary," Netesov said.
In the opinion of a virusologist, thinking about vaccination in shopping centres will be possible when experience in the use of the drug is accumulated.
He also stressed that it was important for the use of the nasal vaccine to fall on the mucous membrane in the nose.
At the same time, it is likely that the vaccine will not reach the destination if the nose injected after injection is crushed.
Painting on rooms on the hill, anime "clinic, soaking demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Room colors are interesting for both children and adults.
Because many love to draw, but sometimes lack abilities or skills.
This is an easy but very exciting exercise allows you to relax, realize creative capabilities and create masterpieces with your own hands.
In the assortment of many unusual paintings and "unbeaten" stories!
We develop up-to-date stories independently and try to advise you!
Everything is very simple!
When painting the canvas circuits, they do not "float", they do not dissolve water.
Each segment isnumerated so as not to lose colors.
The picture in the finished form will become a bright element of the atmosphere, an examination of the interior, attracting attention from the first sight.
But this painting was drawn not by some artist.
She was drawn by herself.
With your hands!
Serbia produced 2 million doses of satellite V vaccine
Vaccine "Satellite V" is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia made about 2 million doses of the Russian vaccine "Satelnik V", said TAS Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of the country Nenad Popovic.
"Torlak State Institute has so far produced about 2 million doses of satellite V vaccine, expecting that they will be produced at least 4 million in the coming period," Popovich noted.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among Serbs.
In this regard, the Republic plans to further purchase millions of doses of vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production in the territory of the State of the "Satellite V" vaccine and "Satellite Lat".
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin reported that Russia had supplied nearly two million doses of domestic vaccine against coronavirus infection "Satellite V".
Lama say true believers are churches.
Whether these truly believers, or not, we cannot know.
Each of us would wish to be such a truthful believer, and everyone tries to be them.
But no one should speak about himself or about those who believe as he is that they are truely believers.
Because if they can say about themselves that they truly believe, the same can say others.
Mattress Benarti Prime Orto S100 145х190.
Mattress Prime Orto S1000 with different sides of rigidity, total height of mattress 2 cm.
Maximum permissible load per bed up to 150 kg.
The base of the mattress is an independent spring block "S000" (1,000 springs per bed).
Each spring is in a separate fabric pocket, which allows springs to properly distribute the body load.
For additional protection of the spring block, the insulation layer from the fiber is added, dividing mattress and spring fillers.
On the one hand, the mattress is located a layer of coconut bark with a height of 3 cm, which adds additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress, a layer of coconut bark is added 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm.
Natural latex has anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The mattress cover is made of cotton jacquard stretched on the environmentally friendly Holcon material.
Fabric is treated with special antibacterial testing Sanitized (Sweden).
Testing ensures the complete destruction of mold mushrooms, prevents microorganisms, dust mites and microbes from developing.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient turning handles, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The perimeter mattress is further reinforced by a frame made of artificial latex, which significantly increases its lifetime.
Alexander M., Remember me, please, what style was the marathon at the 2021 ChM?
Do you see the ski in which the participants of the race should finish in the classic style?
Attention, the question - what does Klebo do to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get to the ski if he turns before the creation goes back?
A "Best Finisher" for 1.5 km and after 50 km is two different things.
For a long time...
I was, in fact, not yet a driver.
The rights were, and he was not able to drive.
They offered to take 250 km to one side at MAZ!
Young, sorry, agreed.
The host next to, the hook sucks, I'm going to eat.
For the first time, as the king, took a seed!
I got a column.
I missed.
Then the belt on the GUR broke.
Then they stopped us.
The column was organized, and they had a machine broken.
You need to brush.
Josein MAZ explained that he had led unexpectedly.
And he - what are you ladies?
Don't worry, don't fall.
Ahead of us with the mugs and forward!
I think it doesn't get out of the ad if he burns.
Singers about the same: about retirement age.
All budgets have long been overlapped, taking into account the underreceived billions of pre-pensioners.
Who hears them saying this?
1,239 cases of coronavirus omicrone per day recorded in the UK in Russian
A total of 1,239 new coronavirus omicrone infections have been detected in the UK per day.
This is informed by Sky News.
In particular, 196 new omicrone cases were recorded in England, 38 people were infected with a new variety of infections in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of COVID-19 diseases from the new strain in Great Britain reached 3,137.
Earlier London School of hygiene and tropical medicine scientists in the pessimistic forecast calculated that 75,000 people could die in England by April due to the outbreak of the coronavirus caused by the straw "omicron".
Sand warned about the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Press Secretary Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible imposition of anti-Russian sanctions in case of continued "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including due to the alleged "invasion" on the territory of the country.
"It is impossible to impose any restrictions on Russia and not suffer the most," said the official representative of the Kremlin on the air of the Russian TV channel "Russia 1".
Sand claims that this "understood everything in the world".
Earlier it was reported that the United States considered the possibility of imposing anti-Russian energy sanctions as an extreme measure.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to impose restrictions that will complicate the conversion of rubles to dollars for Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, the head of the Sberbank German Greef is sure that it is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - adequate comments accordingly!
Something from these simple to a touch of recipes is already touched.
Apparently, the ideas ended.
Even in distant times of childhood, mother of hell tasty pies and cakes, and did not come to the mind a piece of bread, smeared with jam, compare to the cake.
Ksenia, you don't need to bring anything to my mind, my mind is obliged to understand yourself!
"The inability of the mind divided with the Spirit into perception" is YOU Oh what?!
Imagine that you need to explain it on your fingers to an unthinkable child, how do you do it?!
(Learn, the child under 3-5 years of age still has open channels of communication with a thin world, and the child can know more than you!)
New Caledonia residents rejected the idea of independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, the vast majority of participants refused to leave France.
This was reported on December 12 by the French TV channel BFM.TV.
96.5 per cent of the votes voted against independence.
3.51 per cent of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific supported France's independence.
Results of 2.9% of ballot papers were cancelled.
The voting level on this day was very low: about 5 per cent of the population of the archipelago came to the sites.
In the opinion of experts, the low appearance is due to the calls of separatists to refuse to participate in the referendum because of the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the referendum date.
In October 2020, New Caledonia residents opposed France's independence at a referendum.
In 2018, a referendum on independence was already held in the region.
Most of the inhabitants supported the location of the archipelago in France.
New Caledonia is located nearly 200,000 kilometres from mainland France.
In 1853 France declared New Caledonia its possession.
Archipelago lives around 270 thousand people, the territory has special administrative and territorial status.
There is an 1998 agreement between Paris and the New Caledonia Administration that the region can vote twice with a biennial difference.
Boris, if you don't know history, don't write.
The name of the city Arsk occurred from the Bulgarian-Tatari word "artish" (major).
Udmurti (Ari Tatar) live in the northern regions of Baltasyn, Kukmorskiy district.
The wonderful, working people, their tongue preserved, the Tatars live in friendship, know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that the family doesn't throw.
Throw foolish "bodrie slogans".
This is what I tell you with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Do not sleep in a well, maybe the driver will have to drink!
WHO pre-deems "omicron" less dangerous than "delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) preliminarily believes that "omicrone" is less dangerous than coronavirus delta.
However, there are data on reducing the effectiveness of vaccines in diseases by the new COVID-19 option.
According to information on 9 December, the "omicron" was registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and significantly modified antigen protein profile "omicron" suggest reducing vaccine efficiency against infection and transmission of the option.
According to preliminary findings from South Africa, it is expected to be less severe than in the "delte" technical communication of WHO.
The organization notes that all registered cases of "omicron" infection in the EU are still occurring easily or without symptoms.
However, the new strains, according to preliminary data, are distributed rapidly.
Two cases of omicron-space infection have been recorded in Russia.
They were "earlier immunized", the Gamalei Center reported.
Anna Popova, Head of Rospotrebnadzor, stated that there is still no reliable data that the new version of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the others.
In fact, the shortage of sun for us, southern people, is very critical.
In 10 days held in Peter somehow in November, we saw the sun for the first time when our flying reverse aircraft flew over the clouds.
Then I just understood what I had not been enough in the beautiful Peter.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To know what he did not lead to the congenital, - eyes, mouth and skin drink space!
Who sees only water in the ocean,
That on earth does not not notice the mountains.
Your adventure world +7 905 989 9172 What’s Ap
Siberian Expeditions - we can export you even the badest mood!
Svetlana S., neither, there is no such - are not given.
If your favorites, with whom you are going to live all life, are not given to your requests, it means that he is a parasite who does not wish to give in exchange as much as he takes.
And the problem of women is that they are the most quiet and quiet.
And who is going to guilt here if it was captured by the guy?
In Ukraine called four scenarios for Zelensky
The former deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko listed four options for development of events for the President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky in 2002.
In his view, the Head of State may remain without the support of the West, as well as perhaps a compromise on the Donbass.
This on Sunday, December 12, Denisenko told in the publication on the portal "Glavred".
The first option, which Denisenko called the "ideal storm", suggests that Ukraine will cease to support key Western countries, reaching agreement on the future without its participation.
Such developments will contribute to the profound crisis that Kiev may face in 2023.
"In parallel, there is a decrease in the prices of key goods that we traditionally export "..." internal protests and confrontation of power with key FPGs (financial and industrial groups...)" added ex-parliamentarians.
According to Denisenko, there is also another scenario for the development of the situation - "war against all".
This forecast will be expected in the event of high turbulence in world politics, where Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Because of this situation, the leadership of Ukraine can compromise on the Donbas, as a result of which the internal confrontation may be possible.
At the end of summer Zelensky position will weaken, the probability of such a situation, according to the former Nardep, is up to 50-5%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is the confrontation of disagreements with the Green Groups and the President, which is believed to take control of the force bloc and implement "populist initiatives".
During this variant of the crisis Zelensky will start "reforming power", Denisenko added.
Another scenario is to turn Zelensky into a "father of the nation".
This can lead to a certain event that will become a strong shock for society.
"The event should be sufficiently large in order to cause reactions from external partners and lead to increased support for Ukraine", Denisenko said.
This option is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a technogenic disaster or aggressive action by Russia, the former deputy considers.
At the same time, the Russian side has not once rejected any probability of "attack" on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that increase military activity at the Russian borders.
Earlier, November 11, the survey of the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to a record low value of 19.3%.
This is the lowest indicator since his head of State was elected.
Analysts predicted a situation in which only 21.8% would vote in the event of the immediate elections of the President of Ukraine for Zelensky, while 14.5% for former President Petro Poroshenko.
At the same time, only 19.3 per cent of the President's support was expressed among all interviewed.
KAISER Sena Shower System (74182)
The soul system of CAISER Sen (74182) is one of the best elections in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in work, it also confirms numerous customer reviews on third-party internet resources.
By acquiring this product, you also receive guarantees on our part for the quality and performance of the product.
We deliver transport companies throughout Russia and to any region.
If you detect any defects, we will probably faithfully pay your full value.
When calling the operator, you will be able to receive a personal discount on this product.
When buying, please leave the feedback about use.
Thanks to the author for the story of a great athlete, she did not know that Elena Shushunova died, very immensely to learn.
Remember how it was painful at the Seoul Olympics, for us, the inhabitants of the Primorsky region, it was direct air, real time.
This was a passion, the emotions were shaked, remember the joy when Elena won.
Other victory, like Salnikov, for footballers, for all Soviet athletes were also pleased.
On the television somehow I saw a documentary about one of the Central American countries, and there the arbitrators rolled on the trap on board the vessel as barrels.
Arbuses were magnificent sizes.
I worked many times in youth in the cleaning and loading of arbitrators in the Astrakhan region and did not meet arbitrators a lot more powder.
I buy arbitration weighing 4-5 kg directly from the tower and not before the beginning of August.
Balcony bra with soft circular cups (size: 90E, beige color, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, art.: 1208).
Balcony bra with soft lace cups, on frames.
The lower part of the cup is reinforced by a non-plastic transparent density.
The side part of the cup, in the sewing area of the straps, is reinforced by the non-lastic fabric in the blind, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows you not to stretch the lace.
The richness of the lace can be evaluated thanks to the festone through the line of decollete and under the chest.
Vertical corners on side panels made of single-layer microfiber do not allow tissues to scroll on large sizes.
It did not like the article, evil, poisonous.
They passed through the people you know nothing about.
But now it likes many, people to decompose atoms.
I hope that those commenting with honor and order are all ways and they know in everything.
In Moscow in the evening 10 times you will think if one go to the store, migrants everywhere, their crowds.
They consider themselves owners.
And for child benefits and pensions are you serious?
The benefits are smoking and pay for them up to 3 years, pension 12,000, someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetic we have long paid and very expensive.
People like another planet.
It's bad in France, and it's great for us?
Mattress Beautyson Sense Hard S60 mini Sint has a compact invoice, comfortable elasticity and rigidity, wear resistance and durability.
The product of the brand "Bitison" from the series "Sens" is intended for healthy sleep of people suffering from joint and vessel diseases.
The design ensures uniform distribution of loads over the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The base of Bitison Sens Hard S60 mini Sint mattress is an independent S60 mini spring block with reduced spring height.
Beautyson uses spanbond, coconut bark and polyurethane as internal fillers.
Spanbond serves as an intermediate insulation layer between soft materials and springs.
Orthopedic foam with coal dust is decorated on the surface sharply, which provides a micromassage effect.
Coconut bark is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high characteristics of moisture and airproofness.
The outer mattress case is made of a dense jacquard with synthetic fibers.
The material is durable and durable, is not washed and does not require complex care.
Arrested for the action on the Red Square of the poet: "For the quote of Evtushenko 10 days give, here she, power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenko was arrested for ten days.
The student of VŠE was arrested at the Red Square with a poster, on which the hatcheg #poetrosympoet was written.
This quote belongs to the writers Evgeniy Evtushenko.
Alexander had drawn up a protocol on an administrative article on a re-infringement of public action.
He was first detained on January 23 at Pushkin Square, at a meeting in support of Alexey Naval.
"The goal was to draw attention to the poetry as a whole, now the interest in it, unfortunately, is lost, to the decline of the culture common in Russia and the same little hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poets on the Internet under this hate," explains Alexander.
We contacted the young poet to find out the circumstances of the detention and to reveal his message in more detail.
How did you contact police officers this time and earlier?
What did you ask in the department, how did you comment on your share?
This time the staff were more correct, detained as much as possible, polite as possible in some context of the word.
At Pushkin they took UNOMS and took hard.
They asked standardly about motives.
When they heard, in principle, they looked, if not endorsing, understood.
With the exception of the 4 sides of the defender, everything was very correct, but I knew what was going on.
And if after the actions under this haste start writing their poems, at least a few people, I will dream these 10 days not visual.
Maksim, according to the protocol, speak only in the tongue of Tumba Imba.
In public and official events, they speak in the surrounding language to understand what happened in Bundestage on 25 September 2001, or in their mother tongue through the translator.
This protocol and nothing more, by the way, Angela Merkel perfectly speaks in Russian and nevertheless resorts to the help of the translator.
And even at official events there is a verbatim on the ancient author, and a verbatimist is not required to know several languages.
You don't want a lot of words, so say not!
And that's so much water.
Well, go to the tourist for half anniversary "in Andi, then to Nepal".
Before this, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And it is worth selling these shares by opening an account in any bank of the world.
Sell not in dollars, but less depending on the United States currency, such as Swiss francs.
And then they will be divorced with America.
However, it does not keep Americans in the United States.
Keep them confident that the United States is better than anywhere.
They are grown so.
Hansgrohe Quatro Mechanism for three releases (15930180).
Collection: Quatro; type: hidden assembly mechanism; purpose: for mixer, for bathtub, for shower; system installation: yes; type of assembly: built (in wall); case material: brass; hidden assembly mechanism: set; number of assembly holes: 1; country of origin: Germany; manufacturer's article: 15930180; barcode: 401097345239.
Additional information: required pressure controller; supply kit: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; possible simultaneous inclusion of 2 consumers (soul); suitable for all outer Quatro kits; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers told how potatoes help in combating age disorders
The study revealed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and microelements, which help to improve blood circulation and reduce cholesterol levels.
The roots contain vitamins of groups B, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, foil and pantothenic acid.
All these elements help to function the systems of the body.
In addition, potatoes help to combat age disorders.
Due to the large content of the cell, it is useful for the gastrointestinal tract, and can also help in the prevention of hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the most useful root fruit is better to stew or cook, not to heat on oil.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes could be dangerous to diabetes like other products with high glycemic indicators.
These are carbohydrates that quickly fluctuate on sugars, such as sugar, sweet soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the newspaper Kommersant warned about the possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a decrease in its production in personal sub-economies and an increase in manufacturing capacity.
In the opinion of market participants, the product deficit will now be able to replace only imports.
Lostfilms, lordfilms and other pirates will remove Yandex
Candidates for a trip
In 2015, law holders from the cluster "RAEK/Media" compiled a list of the 10 largest pirate sites of the destroyer and most of them ceased to exist, says the Director General of the Internet Research Institute Karen Kazaran.
But some - Cinema, Lostfilm, Film - still managed to survive thanks to the regular change of domain name, adds it.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search issuance of both Yandex and Google, you can see the pirate copies of the Netflix "Game in Squid" series and "Game in Squid" director Anna Melikan - the original series of the largest video service ivi in Russia (includes AIV).
On Cinema, which is also available in the issuance of search engines, you can see the animation novelty "Enkanto", but, according to the quality of the video, it is the so-called screen (filmed in the cinema pirate copy of the film).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the series "Univer. 10 years later" of the TNT TV channel (includes Gazprom Media).
Svetlana M., apologize, of course, but I would have been weighing whether the son is awakening for a mom or not.
If we have any misunderstanding, it is better not to meet at all, I estimate on my way.
Okay, of course, that is rare.
Bra with soft cups without frames and frontal coffee lock 135I GI1265.
T-shaped back is reinforced from inside by crossed elastic tapes made of cotton and lacquer.
The bra is made of microfiber, combined with mesh fabric for airproofness.
Cup with duplicate cotton-containing fabric for comfortable adjacent.
Unique Magiclift design (chest-cracked and decollete supporting inserts) to raise, divide and support chest.
Widely convenient straps on the microcord lining are adjusted back.
Lyudmila, advanced space technology now in China.
Russia is no longer reliable.
"This idea developed by the Poles" would be more true to say that Poland only refined the idea of 1766, but developed it quite effectively.
In fact, and the slogan "Okraina - Not Russia" appeared in 1848.
What generally and generally does not change the essence.
I looked at her interview, the girl said that the greatest dream - if she had wings grown up, her dad is constantly emptying her.
Well, as if all this is very doubtful.
Well, she went to the university, and what else?
Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tesara wall lamp.
Wide circuit framed by "molecules" of light provides maximum uniform and bright lighting of space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose relevance and allows to beneficially placed in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is the invisibility of the design.
The thin, almost invisible ropes that are adjusted at height create the feeling that the chandelier steams in the air.
Metal gold reinforcement and matte-white miniature plafones will easily complement any palette, and the suspended chandelier and gate collection will be ready to light the living room, bedrooms, hallways.
Well, taste and color, what is called.
I really liked "Tarhun", not the present, of course.
Very delicious were juices in pouring from high glass cylinders.
Three servings of syrup - cheese, for my taste.
Two were once.
Mattress Dimax Micro Ultimet, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimet.
The model is convenient because it has two different softness surfaces – high rigidity and a little more medium.
The product includes only quality and premium fillers that have proved themselves exclusively on the best side.
Springs: In the center of the model there is a block of independent springs "micropacket".
This means that there are 2,000 spirals in the sleeping area, which operate entirely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives a unique precise substrate.
Micropackage is the highest frequency of the entire variety of Dymax spring blocks, so it has a bright orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillers: from the top and bottom of springs set a combination of measles and natural latex layers.
The only difference is the order of plates.
If one surface is latex, the other is coconut bark.
This tandem of fillers has long been classic, since it transmits the mattress not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties.
If the bark provides proper back support, the latex gives adaptation to the surface under the human body.
Case: The model is supplied in a prostate knitwear case Aloe Vera.
At the request of the client, it can be made both removable and stationary.
Total height of the product – 27 cm, recommended load on the bed – 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: warranty period – 3 years.
Mattress received all necessary certificates and documents that confirm its full safety and reliability in operation.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certificate.
Estonian scientists will seek life in Venice
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in collaboration with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venice to find signs of life in the atmosphere, reported on Sunday the "Actual Chamber".
The aim of the five-year missions is to evaluate the suitability for the life of the Venice clouds and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists offered tools for measuring acidity and oxygen content in Venice clouds.
To date, it has been assumed that the clouds of Venice, nearest to the Earth of the planet, are too acid to exist there, but probably originally Venice was a planet of earth type.
During the third mission, the sample should arrive with Venice.
We assume that if we find life there, the main question will be whether it looks like the earth or different.
If it seems very similar, it will be obvious that earthly life has not started on Earth.
If it is different, it may be more likely that life was born on Earth," said the head of the Estonian team of the project "Venus Life Finder" Michkel Paisalu.
Hat, not phone...
Half anniversary, and all the price...
It had already had this Chinese erund...
They can't make a quality phone...
I want to take, my Samsung has already experienced three such things (friends have already thrown them out) and will still survive!
Meta-settlement will change Russian business
The topic of the meta populated became a popular autumn of this year, when Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook was turned into Meta.
For the market, this event became an important signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
Thus, business in Russia, as in the world, will invest in the creation of its own meta-popularities and their subsequent monetization.
Meta-settlement should be seen as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, the trend towards remote interaction in the pandemic, because people have escaped from divorce and restrictions.
On the other hand, it is a consequence of the business's desire to develop and adapt ecosystems.
Since the third, they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, when any rights, securities, artworks and even money are transformed into digital format.
Anya, you are right, changing nutrition is a conscious process.
When you begin to try properly, you do not want something too fat and harmful.
Of course, we will have a holiday and a traditional olive, and a seat under the bush, but no one makes me eat all and immediately.
You can sit on the bed, try - and enough.
Because forward and truth ten weekends, you can cook any delicious and useful dishes.
And how many Ado labour, time, funds needed to be trained.
And when it was filled with 5 fourth jumps, it remained without gold.
She also understands that 4 years before the next Olympiad she will not endure, i.e. she will never be the Olympic champion.
And those who have not been simply engaged in sports or cannot present all the circles of ada, which she has passed, do not let himself know.
British economist was unable to provide projections for 2002
The British economist Jim O'Nil was unable to project 2002, since he believed that such attempts would turn into a failure.
He wrote about this in the article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that the next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend may change turnover.
The most important factor remains the coronavirus pandemic, and secondly, inflation, he believes.
O'Nil also recognized that he did not know whether the price increase was temporary or not.
As the expert said, it was clear before the pandemic that "the world of infinite generosity of central banks has already survived" and it is time to return to relations where interest rates based on inflation will correlate to the expected growth rate of GDP.
O'Nil noted that, against the background of the pandemic, the continuation of super-soft economic policies could, in some experts' view, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to productivity growth, as well as poverty and climate change, O'Nil summarized.
Michael Schulgin, Head of the Global Investment Opening Division, previously reported that positive dollar expectations for 2002 remained, with growth potential less significant.
Among the risks to the dollar, Shulgin referred to the monetary policy of the Fed, the dynamics of oil prices and fears against the coronavirus pandemic.
It is forced to agree.
But pleases one: if you compare yourself, the containers were less than five years ago.
Now it's better.
Progress is, only shafts.
There is still a problem: there are many environmental initiatives in cities, but people do not know about them.
Any eco-taxis that take away the waste from the house.
Yes, the banal reception point of the invasion - they use marginals.
Rarely who brings glass and metal there.
Well, the author...
Pigs "with coshatino" at Soviet plants?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well, they are insufficiently tasty compared to Doshirak, I understand...
I would now turn Soviet confections with white filling.
There are no such anymore.
Do not release "Pilota", but "Comfort" is not at all..
EVA car carpets for Hyundai Tucson II (2004-2010).
Automobile carpets EVA are made of quality material of Russian production.
The surface of the carpets consists of cells in the form of rombs.
Thickness of carpets 10 m, depth of cells 5-6 m.
Carpets do not burn or miss moisture.
All dirt is distributed evenly by cells, maintaining the surface in cleanliness.
The material from which carpets are made, elastic, wear-resistant, has no odor.
Retains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 °C.
Carpets are unfit for use and are suitable for round-the-clock use.
EVA carpets cover the most regular carpet, closing the left leg rest area.
The tone of the rear row is covered with carpets.
The occantation is made of a super-proof road ceiling.
Mattress Dimax Practice Basis Plus V13 180x20 cm
Dimax (Dimaks) Practice Basis Plus v13 consists of the only type of filler.
This plate of artificial latex is 13 cm high.
The mattress material has a symmetrical average rigidity of the sides.
The product is covered with a jacquard cover with a trail on a comfortable layer, removable or non-removable type to choose from.
PU is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PU) are characteristics similar to natural analogue, but at less cost.
Artificial latex elastic and elastic, but, unlike natural material, has great rigidity.
It forms the anatomical surface of the mattress with qualitative support, which provides a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
Quality mattresses, not afraid of temperature changes.
An anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for the construction of a sleeping place on the country or in the garden house.
Its dignity also includes a universal average rigidity and a maximum load of up to 10 kg, making this mattress suitable for most of the categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
As a result of the 10 months of 2021, Russians spent on buying new cars 2 trillion 784 billion rubles, which is 28% higher than in the same period last year, according to the statistics of the Agency Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI).
In order to understand the scale, approximately the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the State in support of citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
Last September, at the meeting of the Heads of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, President Vladimir Putin said that this amount would be compared to more than 4.5% of the domestic gross product (GDP) of the country for 2020.
The Korean brand Kia is leading by revenues in the Russian market.
In 10 months of this year he managed to realize cars in the amount of 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% higher than a year earlier.
The relative Kia brand Hyundai increase is still significant - more than 35%, and revenue from the sale of machines is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
At the leading positions, this brand and to increase the average weighted price of the car - a year at Hyundai it grew by almost 21 per cent, to 1.94 million rubles - the stronger dynamics of travel were only at Changan, Cherry, Gely and Mercedes-Benz.
At the same time, sales of Korean brands rose not so much: according to statistics of the Committee of Auto Manufacturers of the Association of European Business in Russia, Kia quantitatively sold 9.4% more than a year earlier in the same period.
Hyundai is almost 12%.
Locks three leaders in the volume of sales in cash terms Japanese Toyota - on cars of this brand Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles in 10 months, which is 14% higher than a year earlier.
According to the Japanese, Mercedes-Benz with an indicator of 26.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand has grown and the volume of sales (by 37%), and the average weighted price of the car (almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
"Mercedes-Benz simultaneously observes a good sales growth and average weighted price - more, for example, than BMW - hence and greater financial capacity growth - explained Tatiana Arabaji, Director General of NAPI.
At the rate of sales growth, fantastic indicators show Chinese brands that have also significantly increased financial capacity this year."
Russian Lada on the dynamics of income growth shows average market indicators (plus 28%), Russians spent 29.4 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months.
At the level of financial capacity last year, companies whose sales of machines fell in pieces in 2021, including Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ and at all in minus - in 10 months Russians spent on off-roaders and pickups of this brand 12 billion rubles against 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the background of problems with the supply of autocomponents and failures in production covering the whole world car ferry, auto companies continue to continuously adjust prices - the same "AutoVAZ" increased the cost of Lada models seven times a year, the last travel (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Regularly rewrite price lists for their products and other auto manufacturers.
The volumes of the Russian automotive market in monetary terms will continue to increase - in addition to the lack of machines, their contribution to this makes inflation, as well as the desire of autoconcerns to lose past losses, experts consider.
In the shortage of cars, I think that many autoconcerns have even partially been able to transfer to the consumer the costs of past periods that they could not place in the price of cars before,
"VTB Capital" analyst Vladimir Bespalov says. -
I believe that in financial terms auto manufacturers feel very well now, supporting high marginality of sales."
The indirect indicator of this is the rate of growth in the cost of vehicles observed during 2021, prices for new vehicles are growing faster inflation, the expert specifies.
In the long term, the market will grow in quantitative terms, and in cash, but mainly due to inflation and complications in the construction of the machines themselves, predicts Bespalov.
With increased supply opportunities for price increases will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian author will continue to grow in the future year, even if the cost of the car is slowed, the auto manufacturers will be able to obtain their revenue from volumes, says the independent consultant for the automotive industry Sergey Burgazliev.
Given the increased demand and insufficient supply, the car manufacturers are now trying to get the greatest profit from each car sold, Burgasliev notes.
Increased volumes of machine production are not expected to be at least in the coming half of the year, while in Russia azhotaž is heated by citizens’ uncertainty in the future.
Against the background of the market situation, cars were a good investment object - the car purchased year ago, even with the pass, can now be sell more expensive initial cost, the expert notes.
Baden spoke about the relocation of the United States military to Ukraine in case of Russia's invasion
The U.S. leadership never considered the sending of American military to Ukraine in the event of Russia's "invasion".
This statement was made by US President Joe Baden.
"No such plans were anytime," said the head of the White House, replying to the question of the journalist whether the US refused to do so.
Baden noted that in case of escalation of the situation around Ukraine Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he stressed that the United States and NATO had no obligation to use military force to protect Ukraine in the event of escalation.
The American leader also stated that the possibility of unilateral use of American troops to defend Ukraine on the agenda is not worth it.
Baden explained that if Russia invads Ukraine, the United States will transfer forces to Eastern European countries of NATO (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and the Czech Republic).
"We will have to send more American and Natov troops to the eastern flange, B9 - all those NATO countries, against which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack by Russia," Baden said.
Previously, the press secretary of the Russian President Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow lacks intentions for invasion of Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees the problem of combat use by Kiev of drones delivered by Turkey, as well as that "American weapons are approaching our territory".
I immediately go with such interviews.
If I already want to hear screams, wait for hours, drink an incomprehensible bourgeois and another cup of wash - it's terrible to imagine what will be at work.
I find myself a normal place, without a charm, where you are talking to the leader.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 10x185 cm
Promtex-Orient Monolite Kombi 16 is an average mattress height-free structure made of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut bark.
One side is medium-hard, second moderate.
A delicate white jacquard case is stretched on the synthepone and supplemented with lightning perimeter.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Between the latex plates are laid thin coconut bark plates.
The slay structure of the mattress is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to loads.
Natural latex according to its characteristics is dense, elastic, airproof material.
The filler holds the shape and quickly restores after loads.
Coconut bark enhances the durability of the product, from nature has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows for an orthopedic sleeping place resistant to loads that will serve buyers for years.
Universality and orthopedic support.
Mattress is suitable for people of different types of body and age.
The medium-hard surface is universally balanced with orthopedicity and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately rigid sleeping place is more relevant for those who need to "unload" the back and a healthy osan.
The mattress is ideal for both one man and a family couple.
The latter will particularly appreciate the existence of a sustainable surface and the absence of a wave effect when fluctuations on one side of the mattress can be transferred to the opposite, worrying person in the dream.
Molbert table "Studia" 20*24*54(65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Table easel "Studio" with adjustable height upper holder.
Suitable for small hills.
Material - natural beech, painted.
It will be convenient to work both beginners and professional artists.
Floating adjustment of the inclination angle.
Equipped with half-emphasis for hills and tablets.
The top holder securely fixes the canvas.
Maximum height of easel - 65 cm, maximum size of the hall - 40 cm.
If such a number calls a fraudster, like a "MVD staff member" or another force structure, immediately drop ineffectively, and enters a black list is likely not to succeed.
Because to confirm his lies of involvement in force structures, he quickly repeats the challenge and continues to argue and negotiate.
More useful recommendations are needed for the people.
Here's a hearing such...
I don't believe that it was.
They no longer know what to come up with whom to accuse.
They came to the Queen.
And the main thing, in their opinion, is to guilty of everything except the most...
It would not be easier to leave people late from forcedness, of course, if our care for our people.
Maybe all the strains of the virus will disappear...
As in Japan... before the elections weakened the influence and infection became less...
Wool kit for rolling "Asorts No. 2" 10 % measurenos, wool 4x10 g.
The wool as a craft was born eight thousand years ago, only for this lesson it was very difficult to find the wool of animals, and the color more.
But now she's wandering!
We present a semi-thin natural wool for rolling from the Russian manufacturer, for which you do not need to run on forest or pasture.
The unique properties of the wool for rolling make it possible to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a lovely toy for yourself or your baby, an app for creativity, jewellery, interior decorations and even clothes and accessories.
Introduce a couple of "swallowed" sheep on your sheep, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace, which will look great with a new dress, or unique home slippers, which will be exactly no one...
Emboss your ideas by "facing" this wonderful wool!
Maria Kartashova, what does "in response to this" mean?
I don't voice my thoughts, I think I curse you all.
I deliberately cut my head to all those who did not leave me a place, thinkingly send to the kivet and burn all the machines that prevent my passage are thinking everything!
And in view, I can even smile you.
But I remember that the mind is material!
Peter, Nicolas Second, has not signed any death sentence for years of his reign.
Even dispatchers such as Koba and his brigade.
And the bloody Sunday is already a sight of Bolsheviks.
Matras Comfort Line Hard Clasic TFK 180x190.
Mattress, rigid on both sides.
Natural material latexed coconut bark does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary rigidity and elasticity of the mattress.
Independent spring unit TFC (512 springs per bed) will give unique comfort and proper support to the vertebrate during sleep.
Cotton jacquard cover stretched for 20 g.
cholcone gives protection and wash.
Maximum load per bed: 130 kg.
My horse.
Pony house with accessories, in display of 6 pcs.
A charming horse-pony lives in a cozy folding pink house.
If you discover her house, inside one of its halfs you can install a kitchen, and on the second half - a table, putting on it the appliances for guests.
The pony has big beautiful eyes, her hryvnia and tail can be combed with a brush.
The set includes: pony 9 cm, clothes, house (2 half), built-in table (2 details), kitchen (2 details), accessories: scissors (2 details), heart cake (2 details), juice bottle, 2 glasses, kettle, cup and dishes.
Mattress MIELA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
The alternating layers of latex and rigid coconut bark give the effect of improved body support.
Mattress MIELA Duet Cocos-Latex DS without problems with the load of up to 170 kg per bed.
At the same time, there is no wave effect: spouses lying nearby do not roll to each other regardless of the weight difference.
The materials made of the model have been carefully controlled.
They are ventilated, do not wash, do not burn odors.
The full circulation of air creates a unique microclimate conducive to healthy rest.
Highly durable thermocol is used to fasten the details.
The film of Alexander Sokurov received the European Oscar for the best assembly
Nominated for the Oscar Award, the Russian film "Razhymaya kulaki" was awarded by the European Film Academy (also called "European Oscar") in the nomination "Best mounting", Moscow Comsomolec reports.
The jury of the competition, which voted online due to the complex epidemiological situation, assessed the outstanding skills of filmmakers.
The maximum number of awards was received this time by Yasmily Zhbanich (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Aida?"
The main heroin of the tape is a translator at the UN mission, who is trying to save his family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the Drama "Razhymaya kulaki" filmed by Kiro Kovalenko (a graduate of the workshop Alexander Sokurov), this film tells about the complex relations of the own father and wishing to release from the father's guardianship of adult children in North Ossetia.
Earlier it was announced that this film was nominated for the Oscar film as the best film filmed in foreign language.
As regular friendly meetings of the Presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, Turkey show, in my opinion, you are softly not in the topic.
Only yesterday the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of a joint Azerbaijani-Russian enterprise KamAZ.
From my point of view, the literature program was formed by ladies of Balzac age on the basis of their interests.
From the Russian literature of the 19th century we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those ladies of Balzac age.
And the psychology and torment of the heroines of Tolstoy and Turgenev are not so interesting for teenagers.
Teenagers are rarely interested in the psychology of heroes.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were plush to represent a certain variety?
There are roses of this color and with such a petal structure, resembling velvet, usually dark red, burgundy tones.
And light roses look different, the petals have just a satin or silky shine.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are kind of like colorblinds.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas DO NOT look into the eyes - in some safari parks, visitors are given glasses with painted eyes looking to the side.
Bees are still guided by the smell...
Mattress Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195.
Model "Micropackage Prestige": comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different stiffness of the sides: a medium-hard surface is formed by latexed coconut fiber and natural latex, a moderately soft UV plate of natural latex.
The spring block with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the sleeper's body, preventing the appearance of a "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Among the advantages of the model, breathable materials should be highlighted.
Latex, perforated for breathability, is perfectly ventilated naturally, like coconut coir.
Thanks to this, a healthy microclimate of the bed is maintained.
The mattress is also subject to an extended warranty period.
The term of the official warranty from the manufacturer BMW is 5 years, in fact, the life of the mattress is longer.
Protection against dust and contamination is assigned to a removable jacquard cover supplied in the kit.
Purchase an orthopedic pillow in a pair to the mattress. It is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of the sides of the coconut serves as an anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Turn on the brain and chase such relatives in yours!
It is better not to have any, than such...
Either look for a third-party driver, or someone who is ready to invest and work with you in a share.
If it does not work, then sell the car, albeit with losses, do not regret.
Next time you will think better...
Andrey, you were clearly explained that retired women work in schools, they will not work in the command line.
The computer science teacher will not be able to help either, he was not taught this, the school plays games in the windhouse.
So there is no support.
With horror I remember these feasts and guests in the house of my parents.
The guests are on the threshold, and the cutlets are still roasted on the stove, the mother is swollen on the floor.
Lord, I sat down at the table without strength.
And then wash the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday you drag food, two days of cooking, the day of cleaning after.
And what are the guests?
They are good, and the cake must be with them.
Since then, I do not like holidays, guests.
Even for my family, I lay the table at the minimum.
And I cook sweets for them, bake very often just like that.
Germany: The fourth vaccination against coronavirus is inevitable
The fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or autumn of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be the final, but will continue with a new force.
Despite an active vaccination campaign in Germany, neither two nor three doses of coronavirus vaccine will probably be enough for full protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners Ulrich Weigeldt is convinced of this.
On Saturday, December 11, reports Die Welt.
"We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the autumn," the expert said.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth vaccination against coronavirus can be carried out "in combination with vaccination against influenza."
This will help to achieve the best results.
In addition, enhanced vaccination can help combat the spread of the new strain of coronavirus Omicron.
And the new option is especially dangerous.
Thus, the probability of re-infection with Omicron is three times higher than that of Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Based on this, the manufacturers BioNTech / Pfizer plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
The companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new variant of the Omicron coronavirus.
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that with two doses of the vaccine, the effectiveness is significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
"This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the omicron strain," BioNTech and Pfizer emphasized.
Therefore, a third dose is needed.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, the chairman of the German Society for Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, advocates reducing the interval between the second and third vaccination.
Moreover, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of coronavirus.
"Israel's experience shows this very convincingly," the expert said.
Wobbler Pontoon21, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib XL series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibes in that it was originally created taking into account the use for ice fishing, and not only for casting.
These vibes have a greater specific weight than their counterparts, which undoubtedly has a positive effect on the nuances of using these interesting baits.
Another recognizable feature of the XL is the upper fin made of durable and elastic plastic, which creates additional shades of vibration during vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a "winter vibe" when fishing in the plumb, Bet-A-Vib demonstrates a rather aggressive game.
Often the most catchy is a simple monotonous animation, that is, the movement of the rod up and down almost without pauses.
When planning, the deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient when fishing in a limited space, cluttered with underwater vegetation, snags and other obstacles, for which a hook is possible.
In addition, a slight deviation is relevant when catching zander and large perch in winter, and especially in the middle of winter, when a point and aggressive feed of the bait is required.
After reaching the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly turns around and returns to the original vertical.
Bet-A-Vib is also successfully used for winter pond trout fishing.
To please her whims, you can choose from two modifications: with a noise capsule (NS by NanoSound) or without it (SL by Silent).
It is also noted that Bet-A-Vib is capable of teasing a passive pike that does not react even to live bait.
When casting, Bet-A-Vib demonstrates range and accuracy.
This wobbler is clear and not capricious, it goes well with fishing line and braided cords of even large diameters.
For casting pike, zander, ruff or perch, in addition to uniform, the "step" is also relevant, sometimes with "chirping" along the bottom.
If you catch in confined places, you can change the front tee to a double, which will reduce the likelihood of hooks.
Among the baits of its class, Bet-A-Vib is among the most stable in work and, as a result, one of the most catchy.
It can be used with equal success in both relatively small and rather deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young idlers sit on the neck of old parents.
"Golden Youth" - clearly expressed lazy people in the majority, who know nothing and do not know anything.
A well-fed life leads to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin was referring to this large part of the population.
You are surely joking.
I have never seen shoes in this store that I would like to buy.
What long-term wear do you write about?
This shoe is made of leather.
Well, if one season survives.
Zenden is on the same level as Kari.
A couple of times to go, see and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
7 thousand Russian mercenaries announced in Libya
There are more than 7 thousand mercenaries of the private military company (PMC) Wagner in Libya.
This was announced on Sunday, December 12, by the chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Republic, Khaled al-Mishri.
"Currently, there are more than 7,000 Wagner PMC mercenaries in Libya.
They also have airplanes.
They are also digging trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jet aircraft at the Gardabiya airbases (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte), "the Anadolu agency quoted him as saying.
Khaled al-Mishri also pointed out that Russian mercenaries are "trying to take over" the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea, after "bringing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Keep presence
According to the source, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "located in Libya."
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using an air base and a port in Sirte, as well as an air base in Jufra, the agency said.
The Russian authorities officially deny that the Wagner PMC is supported by the Kremlin.
Where else can there be mercenaries
According to the agency, Wagner allegedly operates in nine countries in Africa - the Central African Republic, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training of local forces, personal protection of leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses for the use of minerals and natural resources, as well as for the supply of weapons, technologies and military services to these countries, "the article says.
According to the media, the "Wagnerians" allegedly fought in Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the Central African Republic.
This group is not listed either in the law enforcement agencies or in the register of legal entities, and its fighters are not in the form lists of personnel.
This company is under US sanctions.
Earlier, the permanent representatives of 27 EU countries approved restrictions against Wagner.
The Council of the European Union is expected to approve this decision on December 13.
The situation in Libya
The Supreme State Council of Libya is de facto the second chamber of parliament with advisory functions with dominant Islamists, TASS reported.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of a single voting day for the election of deputies of parliament and the head of state from December 24 to at least February 2022.
"There are less than two weeks left before the elections, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing," the article says.
Against this background, the Supreme Electoral Commission of Libya postponed indefinitely the announcement of the final list of candidates, Sky News Arabia TV channel reports.
Foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more success than failure in the country's foreign policy, 29% believe that failures prevail.
"Examples of success -" in Syria they defended, restored peace there, "" the decision on Nord Stream-2, "" the whole world was intimidated that cool weapons, "" We squeezed Crimea. "
The main failures are the "conflict with Ukraine," "confrontation with Western countries," "isolation from the world," says a study by the Public Opinion Foundation.
The Dubai government has completely abandoned paper record keeping - all public services have also become only digital
The government of Dubai announced the complete rejection of paper-based office management and the transition to digital technologies.
All public services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the Emirati news agency WAM.
"Today marked the beginning of a new stage of digitalization of all aspects of Dubai's life - we have completed the transition to a completely paperless government," the Crown Prince of the emirate, Chairman of the Executive Council of Dubai, Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum said on Saturday.
Now internal and external document circulation in all state institutions of Dubai will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all sectors without exception: health care, housing and communal services, police, municipal authorities, courts, etc. Many commercial structures also joined the government's initiative.
The transition to e-government and digitalization of document management began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, according to the authorities, 336 million paper sheets were saved, which is 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in monetary terms.
Earlier, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about the date of birth and how old the child is, this is already marasmus, about the class and the group in kindergarten, too.
Well, I do not believe that such muddlers happen.
And if there are, then they obviously do not care, including the family.
My mother, her two brothers and grandfather and grandmother lived on 3 Vladimirskaya Street, there was a 1st floor without bars.
They knocked first on the door, then on the window, then decided not to be ceremonious, broke the window and climbed in, but the grandfather had a baseball bat, which they received.
These people knew for sure that there was someone at home...
Turkey's car production and exports fell below 2020 level
Turkey's car production and exports fell sharply in November amid the depreciation of the lira.
As a result, the industry's performance for 11 months was worse than last year's result, Bloomberg reported, citing data from the Turkish Automobile Manufacturers Association.
According to the association, 115,000 cars were produced from factories in Turkey in November, which is 20% less than a year earlier.
About 75.9 thousand cars were exported, which is more than 25% lower than last year.
And if in the first 10 months of this year, the automotive sector of Turkey showed a positive trend compared to last year, then in the first 11 months of 2021, the production of cars was already 0.3% worse than last year.
The reason for this fall was the sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which fell by 29% against the dollar in November.
This led to a fall in economic activity in all sectors.
More than 500 SMEs received a deferment on loan payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov spoke about the situation regarding the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, Kazinform reports.
"According to the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, this year, pursuant to the order of the Head of State dated April 1, 2021, the order of the Chairman of the Agency dated April 9, 2021 No. 127" On approval of the Procedure for granting deferred payments on loans to small and medium-sized businesses "was adopted," Alikhan Smailov wrote in his response to the deputy's request.
He recalled that the procedure for granting deferred payments on loans provided for banks and organizations engaged in microfinance activities to defer payments on loans issued before April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including individual entrepreneurs, in the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The period of delay was from 30 to 90 days at the choice of the SME subject.
The borrower's application could indicate a different period of deferred payments.
During the period of deferment, the claim work, notification of the need to repay the overdue debt, as well as the collection of commissions and other payments by the creditor were suspended against the borrower, "the deputy prime minister said.
In 2021, second-tier banks received applications for deferred payments on loans of 603 SME borrowers, of which 553 SMEs received deferred payments in the amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
131 SMEs applied for deferment in MFIs, of which 95 subjects were granted deferment in the amount of 105.8 million tenge, "A. Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with weak immunity can easily tolerate the ocmiron strain
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate it more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body
Pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev explained why the ocmiron coronavirus strain could be dangerous.
The reason should be sought in the conditions of the origin of the virus.
Scientists believe that "ocmiron" originated in the body of a person infected with HIV or suffering from immunodeficiency.
That is, during the mutation, he did not meet any resistance from immunity.
Due to this, it is more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no response from immunity, it became very fast.
Apparently, there he has these spike proteins, spikes, maybe more than it should be, their antibodies were not cut during mutations, - comments pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate "ocmiron" more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body.
It turns out that a strong response of the body to anything, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
This is what happens with pneumococcal infections, when 30-year-olds die, and 60-year-olds suffer it in the form of a sneeze.
The immune response is mad at the young, it is completely inadequate: where it was only possible to threaten with a finger, it beats like a cannon on sparrows, - Sergey Puryasev concluded.
The doctor also recalled that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Lung inflammation is bacterial and viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case, you can often stop only the symptoms - all hope for the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the beginning of intoxication of the body - this is temperature, weakness, malaise.
Then there are respiratory symptoms: shortness of breath, sore throat, cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain can also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, the younger generation from 12 to 18 years old may begin to be vaccinated in Russia before the end of the year.
Virologist, head of the genomic engineering laboratory of MIPT Pavel Volchkov noted that this category is very actively affected by covid.
Teens who go to school have the maximum number of contacts.
This is the most socially active stratum, as well as kindergarten students, "Pavel Volchkov, virologist, head of the genomic engineering laboratory of MIPT, told Moscow 24.
Many thanks to the author for this article.
With pleasure refreshed memories...
Teath-In.
In those distant seventies-eighties, no dance floor could do without the melodies of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, arranged dances to their music.
Immunologists have hypothesized why obese people become victims of covid
The authors of the work studied the adipose tissue left over from bariatric operations and found that fat cells, known as adipocytes, can become infected with coronavirus.
Immune cells located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected, and showed a strong inflammatory reaction.
Scientists also examined the adipose tissue of patients who died from covid, and found coronavirus particles in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can hide in adipose tissue, using it as a reservoir, in attempts to avoid the response of the immune system.
SARS-CoV-2 is probably capable of this.
Biologist spoke about the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheykin named the causes of dementia and spoke about ways to prevent it in an interview with Sputnik radio.
According to WHO, more than 55 million people suffer from this disease.
The syndrome is manifested by a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, a person has difficulty orientating even in a familiar environment.
Golosheykin noted that neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders and lack of certain vitamins most often lead to dementia.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
This includes hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level, the role of such factors as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity is possible, "he said.
The development of dementia is also affected by harmful habits - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disorders and a sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
"There is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence," the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the necessary level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Formerly Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics of the Federal State Educational Institution of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
N.I. Pirogova, Head of the Department of Cognitive Disorders of the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnologies Anna Bogolepov spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt returned about 30 thousand artifacts illegally exported from the country
Over the past 10 years, the government of Cairo has managed to return home about 30,000 artifacts that were illegally smuggled out of the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, on the Al-Hayat TV channel by the chief inspector of the Department of Returned Antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt Shaaban Abdel Gauad.
Since 2011, the Egyptian state has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, 5300 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered in the Bible Museum in Washington, "he said.
Abdel Gauad specified that all smuggled artifacts are registered in the archives.
Now employees of the department are working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts "track auctions around the world and sales on the Internet" through foreign and Egyptian sites, as well as social networks.
The chief inspector said that upon return, cultural values are restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was an ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of the exposition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities appealed to Interpol to help find the bust of Pharaoh Tutankhamun sold at auction in London.
Christie's auction house held an auction on July 4, where a bust over 3 thousand years old was sold for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the art object was illegally taken in the 1970s from the Karnak temple in Luxor.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted in the image of the sun god Amun, was kept in a private collection and has not been put up for auction since 1985.
How the relic got to Europe is unknown.
In recent years, Egypt has been actively seeking the repatriation of antiquities illegally exported from the country at various times.
According to the authorities, 95% of smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological research by "black diggers."
"The Crimean Tatars are not taken into account" - and this is correct, since the Crimean Tatars (232 thousand) are an independent people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, only 42 thousand people - so many Tatars (Kazan) live in Crimea (see census).
The Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse requires its employees to provide the bank with access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The fact is that in Europe and the United States, the Swiss bank does not issue corporate communication devices to its employees, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - a telecommunications operator.
According to the current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to solve business issues with colleagues or customers.
The bank uses the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used it to conduct a meeting with a client that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees have switched to remote mode of work, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that were used to solve work issues.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management has set a deadline before which employees can get acquainted with the new rule.
Officially, Credit Suisse does not comment on the new requirement.
Mattress Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200.
In the center of the mattress Vivre Dual royal is a high-quality and durable block of high autonomous springs TFK 18.
Natural coconut flooring layers add rigidity, zonal latex distributes the load more efficiently, latex with the addition of Aloe ensures the hygiene of the bed, and the embossed foam relaxes.
Mattress of symmetrical medium hardness and high height (30 cm).
The product is delivered packed in a tight roll and is ready for use in a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable knitted fabric with a stitch on a comfortable layer.
The fabric of the cover does not crease, does not stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the hardest for the poet's earthly existence and his "ego."
He is already out of any literary associations, spat with imaginism, he is on his own, but known, in demand, sometimes strongly scolded by critics, even angrily, but the reading public is ready to carry him on their hands.
During the year, more than 60 poems were written, many of them are real masterpieces, the cycle "Persian motives" was completed, the poem "Anna Snegina" was written, 8 books were published, the collection "Soviet Russia" was published.
And the main success - at the end of June 25, Gosizdat signed an agreement with Yesenin for the publication of his works in 3 volumes.
None of the modern poets Sergey Alexandrovich received such honor, he is the first!
In addition, it promised very good money - under the contract, the fee was 1000 rubles a month for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 300 rubles a month, the engineer - 200).
Funds that year were needed more than ever.
Yesenin married Leo Tolstoy's granddaughter Sophia Tolstoy, it was necessary to arrange family life, to support sisters Katya and Sasha, as well as his mother.
It seems that life was getting better, there is something to rejoice, but for him everything is painted mainly in dark colors, as if a nightmare materialized from the poem "The Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after Yesenin's death):
My friend, my friend,
I am very, very sick.
I don't know where this pain came from.
Whether the wind whistles
Over an empty and deserted field,
Like a grove in September,
Alcohol showers brains.
Many acquaintances noted that Yesenin had given up a lot, looked bad, and was obviously sick.
More and more often repeated walks, nervous breakdowns.
And the reason is probably not only alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was made to Sergey Alexandrovich by someone, there are no reliable documents left.
For example, dating back to May 1923, when Yesenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, American Isadora Duncan, was improving his health in a clinic near Paris with Professor Peter Gannushkin (Yesenin will come to him again two years later, already in Moscow).
But the evidence of the poet's binges, scandals on this ground, drives to the police abound - scattered over dozens of memoirs.
Since the beginning of the 1920s, the poet's terrible romance with the green snake has been developing rapidly.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Yesenin briefly settled with a friend, imaginist Ivan Startsev.
Surprisingly, Yesenin, with his very good income, never had his own housing either in Moscow or in St. Petersburg, he was found in rented apartments, in hotels or with friends.
Elders remembers:
"I came only to spend the night, and in most cases in an insane, drunk state.
One day, returning at four o'clock in the morning, Yesenin fell on the landing...
Falling, scratched his face and hoarse.
Having recovered a little, he began to cough continuously, sprinkling the whole sheet with blood... "
And Yesenin himself, after a trip to Europe and the United States (there was a dry law in the States at that time, but Duncan took a decent supply of alcohol with her), admitted:
"I didn't see anything there, except pubs and streets...
I'm already in the end and people stopped memorizing...
Well, and drank, of course...
And I drank because the melancholy gnawed. "
Pirelli tire (Pirelli) Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
Pirelli Scorpion Winter winter tires based on a high-strength mixture of rubbers and silica provide long-term effective operation, uniform wear, resistance to loads.
The linear tread pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter wheel, which forms the ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance, directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water, dirt from the contact spot of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, suppress slip and aquaplaning.
Figurative 3D lamination strengthens grip on slippery roads, on snow and ice.
Large checkers of the shoulder area increase the lateral grip of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire when maneuvering, increase traction, reduce braking distance.
Small grooves and notches remove heat.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom XL is a modern version of the budget model in the premium line.
The basis of the mattress is a block of independent double springs Duet.
A softer small spring is inserted inside the large spring.
This allows you to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
On both sides, the mattress is supplemented with artificial latex.
This is an analogue of natural latex, but it is denser and less expensive.
The flexibility and elasticity of this material increases the comfortable effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is perfect for a couple with a big difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the "smart" springs, there is no wave effect when the light partner rolls to the side of the heavy.
Pleasant, soft to the touch cover made of practical jacquard Sense is stitched with a layer of sintepon.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this model of mattress in a twisted version (vacuum roll-packing).
Now the son is almost 16, and he has not been tormented by the desire to fool for a long time.
All energy is directed to the choice of what he will earn a living.
He is much more responsible than I was in his years or my husband, who had problems with the law from time to time before the wedding.
The father takes care of his young daughter.
And likes, as Lermontov wrote, "strange love."
Why did the girl burst into tears on the exam when she had not yet failed it?
Why he did not tell his daughter that it was not a school.
Well, she will have a tail.
So what?
Will retake.
Millions of students know this.
What is it about at all?
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as a "weapon" against the EU
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as "weapons"
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Pavel Yablonsky expressed the opinion that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as a "weapon" against the European Union and intends to return to such an "operation" next year.
The Deputy Foreign Minister made a statement in an interview with the Australian Financial Review.
According to Yablonsky, the sanctions against Belarus temporarily "stopped Lukashenka," but he "is actively searching for new ways."
Also, the Polish official is sure that now illegal migrants will be used as weapons "in many parts of the world."
As the website kp.ru wrote, earlier the European Union introduced the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It concerned 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
Europe declared its readiness to further expand restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve."
In response, Minsk imposed a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Cover for clothes 60×100 cm, spunbond, color blue.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, you need to properly care for them.
Proper storage will extend its service life and maintain an attractive appearance.
The cover for clothes will help us in this!
Benefits.
Using a cover for clothes, you significantly save space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small cabinet.
Neat appearance.
No more dresses, jackets and skirts hanging in different ways.
Neat covers allow you to sort clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people using racks instead of a regular cabinet, VW is the best option.
The cover reliably protects clothes from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
Does not allow clothes to change shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of creases.
Features of covers for clothes.
The special material will allow your clothes to "breathe."
With careful handling, the service life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The cover is "sealed" with a strong zipper.
It is important to remember!
Pre-prepare things for storage for a long time: clean them, straighten the folds.
Choose a cover of the optimal size: things should not bend from below.
It is not recommended to hang several bulky things in one case at once: they can be changed.
If you value order and neatness, value your belongings, want to keep them and extend the life of the DVD, order a cover for clothes.
Go to the large catalog and choose the product of the color and size you need at a bargain price!
"Not according to Senka's hat": when a velvet jacket makes a man a mockery
The social events of 2021 were dominated by velvet jackets.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashion solution was Daniel Craig.
Back in September, at the premiere of the film "No Time to Die," he appeared in a velvet crimson jacket and a traditional "Bond" butterfly.
His example was followed twice by Prince William, who first wore a green velvet jacket that did not comply with the royal dress code for the award ceremony of The Earthshot Prize, and then chose a more classic version for an event in support of the Royal Variety charity fund.
A couple of weeks ago, Lionel Messiah also tried on the trend.
The player came to take the seventh "Golden Ball" in a velvet jacket Dolce & Gabbana.
By the way, his sons were dressed in the same.
AliExpress already notes the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to analysts of the service, received by Gazeta.Ru, they began to buy 1.4 times more often.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with lining and a fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, dark blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. At the same time, men prefer to buy only jackets - they choose sets of velvet suits less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available in H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment, velvet jackets are presented in almost all brands this season - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most desirable is the Gucci model, in which the brand ambassador Jared Leto appeared at one of the premieres of the film "Gucci House."
Choosing jackets of expensive brands, you can be sure that velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to the special technology of interweaving the threads, a dense fabric with a fluffy outer texture and a smooth inner side is obtained.
More budget options are made of cotton or polyamide, but, accordingly, serve less.
Lamoda fashion expert Ilya Vakhoshkin warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the main thing is not its model or style, but relevance.
"Velvet requires evening light, so this jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a solemn event," explains Vakhoshkin. "It is also suitable for those cases if the invitation indicates the dress code" Black Tie "or" Creative Black Tie. "
Another important criterion, compliance with which allows you to make a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
"A man in a velvet jacket, first of all, must acquire the correct advanced party with wealth," the authors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion "Beautiful Brammell" believe. "Owners of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the caste of those people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to timed social events, where the dress code is always indicated.
Ilya Vakhoshkin proposes to combine a velvet jacket with the same elegant things: classic trousers with arrows, plain shirts, silk ties, loafers with tassels, cufflinks.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from Brammell's Beauty are sure that the appearance of an ordinary employee in a velvet jacket at a corporate event will also be inappropriate, but if we are talking about "a leader from among those who run this event, then" yes, "he is such a thing in the subject."
If an employee is lower in rank, and his goal is to move higher in the complex hierarchy of the company or to knock out financial bonuses, then it is better not to wear a velvet jacket.
The management will definitely appreciate this with the phrase "not according to Senka's hat," the editors of the Telegram channel believe about men's fashion.
Very ambiguous feelings from the voice.
This is an unnatural timbre, so painfully pulls.
And it is not associated with the cute face of a young girl.
To be honest, I do not understand the admiration of others.
But with all my heart I wish good luck in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is, it is paid.
Billion investments.
Are they sad?
No, the price of electricity has risen.
Traditional energy is also not at the expense - gas, oil, and coal were bought cheaper than they are now selling.
There is a wild demand for fuel.
The penny is dripping.
And who then in the flight?
As usual - an ordinary buyer.
Do the problems of the Indians touch the sheriff?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be considered idiots who have "slept through" the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a good bribe.
I did not see a single beautiful person on the photos in the article.
Just mediocrity within the average passengers.
Perhaps, if such characters are so confident in their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole car, then they will not sit down to them, most likely.
But only because of the mental disorder and ignorance of such "handsome men," but definitely not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "a slave who is aware of his slave position and fights against it, is a revolutionary.
A slave who is not aware of his slavery and vegetates in a silent, unconscious and wordless slave life is simply a slave.
A slave who drools when he smugly describes the delights of slave life and admires the good and good master, is a servant, a boor. "
The immunologist said that revaccination in 4-5 months will help protect against the coronavirus strain "omicron"
Revaccination in four to five months can protect against a new strain of coronavirus infection "omicron."
This statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the vaccination in six months, taking into account the appearance of a new strain, "a very long period"
"With the previous strains, this period was normal, but now it is best to carry out the procedure in five months, and for people with chronic diseases - in four," the expert said, calling for revaccination in parallel with the vaccination campaign.
Kryuchkov also noted that early revaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
"If a person was given two vaccinations and a booster, or he got sick and vaccinated, or vaccinated and got sick, then he received" hybrid immunity, "that is, there are many antibodies and enough neutralizing ones," the expert said.
The G7 warned Russia of "large-scale consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine
The G7 countries (Great Britain, Germany, Italy, Canada, USA, France and Japan) issued a statement following the meeting of foreign ministers in Liverpool.
It emphasizes that Russia's "military aggression" against Ukraine "will have huge consequences and will cost Moscow dearly," but the document does not describe specific measures.
"We, the foreign ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military build-up and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine," the statement said.
The ministers further call on Russia to "ease the escalation, use diplomatic channels and comply with its international obligations regarding the transparency of military activities," as US President Biden spoke about during a video call to Russian President Putin on December 7.
"We confirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk agreements in order to resolve the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the G7 foreign ministers also said.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a serious price in response, "they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its future.
We welcome Ukraine's reserved position.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response, "the statement also said.
Earlier in the day, the head of the British diplomacy Elizabeth Truss said that Russia would suffer "serious consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "the united voice of the G7 countries, which account for 50% of global GDP, and which made it very clear that the invasion of Ukraine will have huge consequences for Russia."
The Pfizer vaccine was considered 32 times less effective from the omicron strain
The effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
This conclusion was reached by scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, reports South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective based on a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the drug for COVID-19.
"We see that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the original version of Sars-CoV-2, but this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variety," said Professor Malik Peiris.
At the same time, scientists emphasized that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against the severe course of the disease when infected with coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of the coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the impact of the omicron strain on it.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain can cause a new wave of virus circulation and an increase in mortality if additional measures are not taken.
Ukrainian Defense Minister accused Germany of blocking NATO arms supplies to Kiev
Ukrainian Defense Minister Alexei Reznikov accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Kiev's acquisition of deadly weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-sniper systems and rifles to defeat drones.
At the same time, it is noted that later Berlin softened its position on rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Defense Minister, Kiev intends to seek the acquisition of the above-mentioned weapons within the framework of bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, we are talking about the United States, Great Britain, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government under the leadership of Chancellor Olaf Scholz on allowing arms supplies to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukrainian Ambassador to Germany Andrey Melnik expressed the opinion that Kiev should not expect arms supplies from Berlin under Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous leadership of Germany explained its refusal to provide weapons with the risk of developing a military escalation of the conflict in the Donbas, despite the "occupation by Russia" of part of Ukrainian territory.
The diplomat is sure that Germany will maintain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky said that Kiev expects help from Berlin in equipping the navy.
Ukraine expects that Germany "will be a partner of Ukraine in a technical sense," the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year, the co-chairman of the Green Party of Germany Robert Habek visited the republic, where he advocated the sale of defensive weapons to Kiev.
Sergey NOSOV 2, no, poor eyesight is nothing.
"And" instead of "E" to type?
Skip large numbers of commas?
So write instead of write.
No, you are an illiterate person.
And for a philologist it is a shame.
Game set "Fishing": e/f light, sound, in compl. playing field, 2 fishing rods, 5 figures, baht. 3AA not in., cor.
Electrified children's fishing is a fun and useful toy for the child's development.
Playing, the baby will train fine motor skills of hands, develop dexterity, accuracy and attention.
It is necessary to turn on the toy, as 5 miniature fish will begin to move quickly along the imitated pond to a cheerful melody.
The child's task is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play alone or together: the set includes 2 fishing rods.
The toy works from 3 AA batteries at 1.5 V (not included).
The size of the playing field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
Winners of Arseniev Prize Named in Moscow - Rossiyskaya Gazeta
The solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian literary award "Far East" them.
V.K. Arsenieva was held in Moscow.
According to the award page on Instagram, the organizing committee received 89 applications this season.
63 were selected.
The leaders in the number of submitted works were the Primorsky and Khabarovsk territories - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three categories: "Long prose," "Short prose," "Prose for children."
The shortlist included nine works - three in each category.
The winner in the nomination "Long prose" was Alexander Filkin (Primorsky Krai) with the book "The inscription on the Gospel."
The award was presented to the winner by Deputy Prime Minister - Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of the Russian Federation in the Far Eastern Federal District Yuri Trutnev.
In the nomination "Short prose" the best was recognized Lyubov Bezbakh (Sakhalin region) with the work "Whisper of the night rain."
She received the award from the Russian Minister for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic Alexei Chekunkov.
In the nomination "Children's prose" the winner was the Trans-Baikal writer Nina Belomestnova and her "Golden Thread."
The author was awarded by screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 500 thousand rubles.
We remind that within the framework of the Far East Prize, the authors of the best works on the Far East theme are awarded.
The main objective of the award is not only to reward the winners and tell about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest in the Far East as a territory of priority development of the 21st century.
Novels, novels, collections of novels or short stories, as well as documentary prose and memoirs can be nominated for the competition.
In this case, the place of residence of the author does not matter, the main thing is to write in Russian.
Official website of the award: https://premiyaarseneva.rf/.
Frying pan, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble color, 4278884.
Kukmara "marble" tableware is made of cast aluminum and covered with an innovative non-stick water-based marble coating reinforced with superhard mineral particles.
Features of tableware series "Marble."
The significant thickness of the walls and bottom eliminates the deformation of the body, guarantees durability, provides the necessary strength of the coating.
High-strength non-stick water-based marble coating is reinforced with superhard mineral particles.
Environmentally safe non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorinated carboxylic acid).
Perfect heat distribution over the entire surface of the tableware, long-term heat preservation.
Ability to use a minimum amount of fat.
Non-stick marble coating is applied by spraying, which guarantees exceptional durability of the coating during operation.
Small scratches and small abrasions on the surface of the cauldron do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the dishes.
The products do not burn and retain their taste.
The ability to prepare delicious and healthy food without adding oil, as on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Ease of washing.
Suitable for all types of cookers except induction.
Can be washed in the dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner coating is UV "marble."
High-strength water-based non-stick coating, reinforced with particles of superhard minerals.
Reinforced ground layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
Cast aluminum body up to 6 mm thick.
External non-stick coating UV "marble."
Kukmara dishes will turn the ordinary process of cooking into a pleasant and easy activity for any hostess.
Years... many years ago I made the same redevelopment.
Combined the hall with the kitchen.
The apartment is three-room.
Was.
Of course, the project, the permit, the new registration certificate, everything is according to the law.
A bookcase and a large dressing room were made in the hallway.
The door to the kitchen was laid, and a lot of space was formed.
For almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we have never regretted what we have done.
From mistakes - instead of a bath, a cool shower cabin was installed.
I regretted it a hundred times!
I only recently realized that I love rum.
But I have not yet discovered the wonderful world of rum for myself, except for Bacardi and Captain Morgan.
What else would you advise, and where could this wonderful acquaintance begin?
I also got sick.
I will not vaccinate.
He came to the Black Sea for "rehabilitation."
Only the weather was not lucky...
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in bright houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus, paint and other chemical compounds will scare away birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thank you, I will definitely try.
And what about Japan?
Thanks for the recipe.
And what varieties of apples should be put according to this recipe?
It's really delicious.
I add some more onions and a green apple.
Try it.
Recently, the zomboyaschik said that car production is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (apparently microcontroller chips).
Russia was not on this list.
That's it!
In the United States, with their expensive labor force, it is profitable, and in Russia, it is unprofitable!
And my mother-in-law tormented me.
I feel sorry for her, she is not with us.
If I had seen good from her, everything could have been different.
But apart from hatred, gossip, scandals, there is nothing to remember.
I feel sorry for her, I lived my life in malice.
Mercedes protested the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
The German Mercedes team, whose driver Lewis Hamilton finished second behind Red Bull driver Max Verstappen at the Grand Prix of Abud Dhabi, filed a protest against the final result of the race, the press service of Formula 1 reports.
Mercedes believes that the rules of Formula 1 48.12 and 48.8 were violated during the race.
In the first case, the German team challenges the decision of the judges to return the round-robin riders to the same circle with the leaders.
According to the second - Verstappen ahead of Hamilton to the allowed "restart" zone.
We add that now the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen was ahead of Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the Formula 1 world championship are preliminary, when the protests of Mercedes are not known
G7 warned Russia of responsibility for invasion of Ukraine
The foreign ministers of the G7 countries warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues its military aggression against Ukraine, according to the final statement of the parties.
The participants of the meeting also noted that they condemn the strengthening of Russian armed forces near the country's borders.
"Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," said a statement published on the UK government website.
The ministers of the G7 countries and the EU High Representative noted that "they are united in their condemnation of the Russian military build-up and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine."
British Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss at a press conference in Liverpool warned of "great consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We made it clear that any invasion would have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to give up its aggression against Ukraine, "she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier at the summit in Liverpool, the G7 foreign ministers agreed that in order to resolve the crisis due to the build-up of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine, the parties need to return to the negotiating table.
It was about negotiations in the "Norman format."
The North Atlantic Alliance also supported the dialogue on Ukraine in the "Norman format."
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "signed off on their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Homsu Diamond waist bag.
The Diamond waist bag is perfect for sports, travel or just walking.
It is convenient to take by yourself, it is roomy, made of durable and lightweight fabric material.
The main compartment is opened with a zipper, which can be done easily even on the go.
Stylish and bright design is perfect for those ladies who really have a delicate taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, thanks to which it fits various things, from a passport to a mobile phone.
The material makes it easy to wash the waist bag using various household means.
For convenience, you can use a special regulator of the size of the strap.
Revealed ways to return money stolen through online stores
There are several ways to return money stolen through online stores and not become a victim of fraud in the future.
They were revealed by information security experts in an interview with RBC.
Thus, in order to reduce the risk of large losses when bank card data falls into the hands of attackers, it is recommended to store fixed assets on a card or bank account that are not used for online shopping.
Part of the savings can be saved to a savings account and withdrawn as necessary.
Experts also recommend having a separate card for online purchases.
If the money was stolen during purchases in stores that do not use 3D Secure security technology, you can start a refund procedure.
"Within the rules established by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions conducted without the use of 3D Secure, the responsibility is assigned to the participant in the settlement chain who does not use this service," the representative of Promsvyazbank said.
Artur Zaremba, an expert from the international payment provider Ecompay, emphasized that the buyer has the right to submit an application to the bank to challenge the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the criminal used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authorization, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online stores themselves return funds to the client if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, a member of the Public Chamber, director of the Safer Internet League Yekaterina Mizulina reported that in 2021 alone, 11,000 appeals were received on various cases of fraud: from the sale of fake documents to the theft of personal data.
According to her, an effective solution under the current circumstances could be the creation of a single window for complaints against online fraudsters.
Scholz arrives in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU legislation
The newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the crisis with migrants on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the build-up of Russian troops near the borders of Ukraine and the situation with the Russian gas pipeline Nord Stream-2.
Although Scholz stated his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for many years, the leaders of the two countries expressed unambiguous expectations from each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said that he would call on Scholz to oppose the Nord Stream-2, which is supposed to deliver Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Moravetsky, Russia can use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin said that it will help Warsaw and Brussels in resolving this crisis.
Poland's judicial system, however, remains one of the reasons for disagreement.
The European Court fined Poland, finding that the judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violate EU law.
Poland refused to pay the fine, and its highest court ruled that national legislation took precedence over EU rules.
The new German government, sworn in on Wednesday, despite the demands of Poland and the United States, has not made public commitments to stop the operation of Nord Stream 2 in the event of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
U.S. officials told members of Congress that they have reached an understanding with Germany to stop the gas pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior U.S. Congress official said on Tuesday.
German officials did not confirm these reports, but Scholz warned on Wednesday about the consequences if Russia violates the border of Ukraine, and this position was confirmed on Sunday by representatives of the G7.
Dmitry, look more carefully.
The view outside the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
The wall between the kitchen and the room was removed, so the second window is partially visible.
In general, those who are not familiar with the initial layout doubt.
And I know such apartments very well and I can see how it was redesigned.
Let everything be fine with them.
It is always surprising when they write about the means to wash the sink, toilet, window sills, taps.
You wash them once a year at Easter, or something, that you have to wash them directly.
Just don't let us get dirty.
Ministry of Digital Development wants to give writers residences
The state will transfer to the future Fund for the Support of Russian Writers the federal property inherited from the Union of Writers of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR.
Writers' residences will be created on its basis, the Ministry of Digital Development told Parlamentskaya Gazeta, which will become the founder of the fund.
The Ministry of Digital Development is preparing a draft presidential decree on the creation of a fund to support Russian writers.
The explanatory memorandum specifies that the fund will be instructed to take care, including the targeted use and preservation of buildings and structures that once belonged to the Soviet Union of Writers and the Litfond.
"A significant number of real estate objects that previously belonged to the Literary Fund of the USSR, including objects located in the town of writers Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo in the Leningrad Region and others, have become the property of the Russian Federation," the press service of the Ministry of Digital Development told Parlamentskaya Gazeta.
The draft decree prescribes to reflect in the charter of the Foundation that it "is created in order to promote literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers."
"The" creation of conditions for creative activity "means the creation of writer's residences on the basis of transferred property in different regions of Russia, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creativity," the Ministry of Digital Development explained to our publication.
520 rubles for one cut tomato?
Cheese cake is literally a layer of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a menzurka for 570...
No, it looks, of course, tasty, but the price is simply inadequate.
On the Belarusian, apparently, solid rich people gathered.
Doctors warned about the danger of long-term use of blood-thinning drugs after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned about the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after the coronavirus infection COVID-19 and before vaccination against coronavirus.
Therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that self-prevention of the possible formation of blood clots after COVID-19 can provoke a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood thinners are not intended for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in a hospital, he had complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning drugs that prevent the excessive formation of blood clots) according to indications.
She said that now there is obscurantism - everyone drinks anticoagulants for a long time and gets complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (hemorrhage in the brain).
Chief prophylactologist of the Urals Federal District, scientific director of the Society of Specialists in Preventive Medicine, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev told URA.RU that Russians now often use anticoagulants randomly before vaccination against coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe dubious advice on the Internet and begin to self-medicate.
There are citizens who, a week before vaccination, by their decision, begin to take anticoagulants.
And during the preliminary examination before vaccination, doctors notice bruises.
He stressed that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without finding out the cause of any symptom.
Potatoes called a superfood to protect against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and affordable vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing diseases of the cardiovascular system.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and trace elements that contribute to the work of internal organs.
It helps with heart disease by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol, the Semana portal reports.
Today, heart disease is the main cause of early death of a person.
To improve the situation, you need not only to be treated, but also to eat properly.
One of the helpers in such a situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to scientists, this root crop has a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and there is also a very important vitamin C for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acid.
Microelements help all internal systems of the body work effectively.
Among other things, the root crop fights natural age-related disorders in the body, contains a lot of fiber useful for the gastrointestinal tract.
With regular consumption, it can become the prevention of atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A lady came to look at the apartment.
I came from another city to show it.
The ad contained detailed photos and a description of the apartment.
She was extremely dissatisfied, because there was no "chic" kitchen and "chic" balcony.
Aunt, you see, there is nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, and people waste their time.
About 145 thousand teenagers vaccinated with the first component of COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information on vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and lactating women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, MIA Kazinform reports with reference to the IWC on the non-proliferation of COVID-19.
Twenty people died of coronavirus and pneumonia per day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely serious condition - Ministry of Health of the Republic of Kazakhstan Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" for coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, the Pfizer vaccine was vaccinated: the first component - 181,037 people, the second component - 14,580 people.
Of these, the first dose: adolescents - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, lactating women - 25,779.
The second dose: adolescents - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, nursing women - 2,749.
The plumber who found money in the church wall will be paid 20 thousand dollars
A plumber who found money in the wall of a church in the US state of Texas will be paid a reward.
This was reported in a press release of the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident took place in a large evangelical church in Lakewood, where Pastor Joel Austin preaches, promising that riches and prosperity await devout Christians.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cowley repaired one of the church toilets and found thousands of bags of money and checks under thermal insulation.
He gave the find to the church and, according to him, did not even receive gratitude from Austin.
"I wanted to hear him say," You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could do, "KPRC-TV quotes him.
Apparently, the find is related to a theft that occurred in Lakewood Church seven years ago.
Then about 200 thousand dollars in cash and 400 thousand dollars in the form of checks, which were stored in the church safe, disappeared.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer losses.
Nevertheless, a reward of 25 thousand dollars was announced for information about the criminals.
Justin Cowley could not claim this amount, as the award had already expired.
Despite this, the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston, which at one time donated five thousand dollars for the award and later received another 20 thousand dollars as a gift from Lakewood Church, decided to reward the plumber's honesty.
He will receive 20 thousand dollars.
Earlier it was reported that the police questioned Pastor Joel Austin about the money found in the wall of Lakewood Church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is her characteristic "as a real person."
Therefore, the attitude towards her is so negative.
And it's not that "she is financially much richer than all the scribblers," as they write here.
There are people and richer, but not everyone behaves so impudently, so defiantly, as this madam.
Mattress Promtex Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190x190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
It is based on the TFK block (256 springs per square meter).
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load.
Coir (material from coconut palm fibers) is used as a filler.
Layers of felt are placed between the filler and the spring block.
Both sides of the mattress are above average hardness.
Removable cover Jacquard Sense: cotton 5%, polyester 95%.
The fabric density is 116 g/m2.
Again simple and tasty.
I was looking for chicken recipes on your page.
We were given a chicken.
It was grown in our farm by our friends.
It weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to cook it more delicious.
I want to find a recipe for chicken baked in pieces in beer.
Have you tried this?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes "from the Internet."
A new case of human infection with bird flu virus was recorded in China
A new case of human infection with the highly pathogenic H5N6 bird flu virus has been recorded in China.
This was reported by the radio station RTHK with reference to the notification of the Hong Kong health authorities, TASS reports.
A 68-year-old resident of the Huizhou city district in the southern province of Guangdong, who kept poultry on the farm, became infected.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The world's first human infection with the H5N6 virus strain was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
In Brazil, citizens were obliged to present vaccination passports when entering the country
In Brazil, it was obliged to require covid passports from those entering the territory of the state, the corresponding decision was made by the judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF) Luiz Roberto Barroso.
This is reported by CNN Brasil.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempt from presenting a certificate of vaccination.
Also included in the list of exceptions are persons who came from countries where the absence of a vaccine is proven.
"The situation is even more serious, given that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year's, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which implies an increase in tourist traffic," Barroso said.
Earlier, the Brazilian authorities obliged tourists who were not vaccinated against coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
The scheme of full protection against COVID-19 is revealed
Virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honored Worker of Science of Russia Anatoly Altshtein in an interview with Ura.ru revealed a scheme of full protection against coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by introducing an injection and using a nasal vaccine.
With internasal use, immunoglobulins A are formed in large quantities. When the vaccine is injected, this does not happen.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside after vaccination, we have the most immunoglobulins G (antibodies).
And if you introduce both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But so far there is no decision on double vaccination, "the doctor said.
Chief preventive specialist of the Urals Federal District, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, in turn, said that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination together with injection is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this will help the fact that in this case, the protection of the body, presumably, should be maximum.
Earlier, the Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod Region, David Melik-Huseynov, said that the spread of a new coronavirus infection among children would lead to a new surge in the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to him, this is the pattern observed in other countries, where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked with a dog (died long ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, feeding, caress, love and games for a tech bitch, then go ahead.
But Pesel was trained and generally clever.
I chose my society and went home.
On video a way that works in 90% of cases.
Not taken from the ceiling, believe me.
I slowed down many owners so that they did not run after the dog, although they lamented that there were 200 thousand running away (pomski), took the hand straight and took it to the other side.
As a result, "200 thousand" chose the owner, and not the dog that ran somewhere there.
Mass protests of vaccination opponents do not stop in Europe
More than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets in the Austrian capital Vienna.
They expressed dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and plans of the authorities to make vaccination against covid mandatory.
From February next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
The Spaniards, outraged by the authorities' health policy, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some were holding posters saying "This is a false pandemic," "I will not be vaccinated."
A major protest against sanitary passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, a covid certificate is mandatory for access to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment venues.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was made by the authorities of a number of regions of the country against the background of an increase in the number of cases of coronavirus infection.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then turned into clashes with the guards.
A group of demonstrators began throwing stones at the police.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nikolai S., even in Wikipedia there is no consensus on this.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also designated as "the first Russian doctor, doctor of medicine," probably because she began her studies earlier.
Let's just not argue, I believe that they both deserve this title.
Here is only one thing I agree with Zakharova: the Americans bore only death and plunder to any country, wherever they appeared.
Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185 mattress.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut coir on a spring block TFK.
The mattress is hard, on both sides framed by layers of natural coconut.
The mattress is based on a block of independent springs TFK.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load, help the body take a natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
The cover made of natural jacquard is dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to the touch.
It is bad and sad to grow old alone, but it is inevitable, unfortunately.
It is very sad when you read about it.
A person must live as long as he can serve himself and not be a burden to anyone.
All health.
WHO found "omicron" already in six dozen states
The World Health Organization (WHO) said that a new strain of coronavirus "omicron" has already been identified in 63 countries.
A number of experts already say that the spread of the new strain can have catastrophic consequences.
The rate of spread of the strain was reported in the WHO report.
According to the organization, as of December 9, the strain has already been identified in 63 countries, in all six WHO regions.
This is despite the fact that it began to actively spread only from the end of November.
WHO also expresses concern about the high rate of spread of the new variant of coronavirus.
WHO experts express concern that, according to preliminary data, the new strain may bypass the delta strain, which is also the Indian version of the coronavirus, which is now leading in all countries without exception.
Prior to this, the Director General of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said that the omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in the UK.
Experts of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that "omicron" will replace "delta" in the coming months.
And the number of cases in Britain alone will be about 1 million. This is despite the fact that officially several hundred people are currently sick with "omicron" in the Kingdom, and according to estimates up to 10 thousand.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the omicron strain, and at its peak, more than 2,000 people will be taken to hospitals every day.
What the British health system will not be able to cope with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that, according to recent studies, the effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the omicron strain is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
How the Russian Sputnik V reacts to the omicron is still unknown - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamalei Center has just started testing the Russian vaccine on the omicron strain.
Why should we see the stages of aging?
It would be better to SEE in more detail the performance of your exercises.
It is not clear in the first exercise how to do: sitting on the heels or kneeling, as it is written, but how then to rest your hands on your hips?
Or hands on the waist?
Curious Squirrel, you are right, communication on the Internet is quite different, they communicate easily and naturally, and at a personal meeting there is nothing to say.
And to see a person live, perhaps, this is not what you expected, not hooked - hence the attitude.
When he meets his man, then his views will change.
And again, the Soviet era is called "the time of demons."
Yes, then people believed in God much more honestly than today.
And they were brought up practically according to God's laws (love for your neighbor, do not steal, etc.).
What ideology today is money at any cost.
There is little faith for talkers like Globa (and there is no faith at all), but even if so, the time of demons came in the 90s...
Our St. Petersburg, or rather Leningrad communal apartment with Bolshaya Zelenina still maintains communication.
Of course, we are not the closest friends, but we try to keep the warmth of the relations of the older generation.
Perhaps this is due to the fact that there were no visitors in the apartment, the rooms were not rented, and the blockade brotherhood was not canceled.
Unfortunately, we see each other more often at funerals.
Lara Angelskaya, let's throw you!
Human cubs, especially male, strong, mobile energetic, rage, push, fight, just like their little "brothers" in living nature!
The only pity is that they are not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches are a common thing, and no boomerang!
And for what?
The brother pushed, forces not having calculated?
And you are always just so dexterous that you never accidentally hit anyone and never injured yourself?
Mattress SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm
The mattress with the Bonnel Wave Space BS spring block has moderate rigidity on both sides.
The comfortable layers of the mattress are a combination of coconut plate and artificial latex with an embossed surface of the ErgoFoam.
The cover of the product is cotton, made of jacquard fabric.
It is durable, resistant to wear, at the same time it passes air well, without interfering with the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is quilted on the sintepon, this gives it softness.
Practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coconut coir has antimicrobial properties, it is tough, evenly distributes its weight.
Artificial latex with a cellular sharp surface provides the mattress with a micromassage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
The Bonnel block, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it withstands heavy loads, is well suited to pairs with a small difference in weight.
Along the perimeter of the product is reinforced with a box made of PUR FDM, it extends the service life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation along the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennett announced the start of vaccination in schools
The Israeli Ministry of Health starts an emergency program on Sunday to increase vaccination.
Since the morning of December 12, vaccination against coronavirus has been carried out in schools throughout Israel.
Prime Minister of the Jewish state Naftali Bennett said at today's meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers that the issue of vaccination with the fourth dose of citizens at risk will also be studied.
In Israel, mass vaccination of the population against the coronavirus infection COVID-19 began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are vaccinated with Pfizer.
Since January 10 last year, vaccinated began to receive the second dose.
Vaccination of adolescents 12-15 years old in this country started in early June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people received both doses of vaccination, the third - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gower, well, probably, the tick will not crawl onto the trap, it's PAUCOOBRAZE, as Lyalya put it.
In any case, I do not see the tick.
But I'm curious, and suddenly there is?
We need to throw something else to him, for temptation
Children's mattress Dimax Genius 70x190
Children's double-sided mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut coir based on an independent spring block EVS500.
Children's springless mattress made of latex and coconut on an independent spring block.
Natural latex is a soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep as comfortable as possible.
On the reverse side, the mattress is of medium hardness, comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
The mattress is based on a block of independent springs.
Springs distribute the load on the surface of the mattress as accurately and evenly as possible, supporting the body in a natural position.
A great option for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
The material is durable, wear-resistant, not subject to abrasion.
In Brazil, as a result of rains killed seven people
At least seven people were killed and 175 injured as a result of heavy rains that hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas Gerais.
This is reported in TASS with reference to the rescue services.
An extratropical cyclone has been raging on the border of these states since the middle of the week, as a result of which the level of precipitation in the region has reached 450 mm. A state of emergency has been declared in 25 municipalities of the state of Bahia, in some of them the floods have become the most destructive in 35 years.
The disaster destroyed several bridges, two river dams, blocked traffic on three routes.
According to rescuers, about 5.7 thousand people were left homeless, another 6.7 thousand were forced to leave their homes.
The damage from the disaster affected more than 85,000 residents of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol ointment, I work with medicines.
It relieves inflammation well.
Personally, I like Bepanten more for the regeneration of superficial wounds and abrasions, but you can see on the spot what is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is underway, there was such a hole, just horror.
Hola, España, you did not hear me and did not understand.
I will answer with the lines of M. Isakovsky: "The migratory birds are flying\nThe past summer to look for.\n
They fly to hot countries,\nAnd I don't want to fly away,\nAnd I stay with you,\nMy dear side!\n
I don't need a foreign sun, I don't need a foreign land. "
And believe me that the photos from the park where I skied, or my city will be no worse.
By the way, it would be much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Wax crayons MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 colors, twisting, in plastic. case.
Set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a twisting rod.
Do not crumble, do not stain the handles, are absolutely safe.
Do not require sharpening.
The body is made of high-quality durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: zippered bag.
$135 billion went to applications - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending in applications grew by 25% worldwide, and the number of downloads - by 8%.
The most popular in the world were various video services.
Most users downloaded the CapCut video editor, and spent the most on YouTube.
Both the number of application downloads and user spending in them showed a significant increase in the period from January to November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. User spending in applications increased even more significantly: by 25%, to a record $135 billion.
Such data was published by the analytical company App Annie, which presented a report on the mobile application market in 2021.
In 2021, the global economy emerged from the lockdown and began a post-pandemic recovery.
"Will such a" return to physical "slow down the growth of the application economy? Not at all," the authors of the report believe.
India has become the leader in the number of app downloads: it accounts for about 20% of all downloads.
It is followed by the USA (9%) and Brazil (8%).
Users of gadgets on iOS, as before, spent more than users with Android: iOS accounted for 65% of all expenses in applications.
Among applications, the CapCut video editor took the first place in terms of the number of downloads in 2021.
It is followed by two Indian applications: the video service MX TakaTak and the online trading application Meesho.
The top 10 in terms of the number of downloads also includes Telegram.
In general, judging by the number of downloads, VPN services are popular among users (there are two of them in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to video creation and broadcast (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak, two other such services - Moj and SnackVideo - are in the top 10).
"Users spent the most in applications for live broadcasts and online streaming," the authors of the report note.
YouTube is the leader here, the top 5 in terms of user spending also includes the video service TikTok, video streaming services Disney+ and HBO Max, as well as the Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma.
The first places in terms of the number of monthly active users are occupied by Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok, the top 5 is closed by the mobile version of Microsoft Office.
In Russia, the leader in the number of downloads for the year was the shopping application AliExpress.
It is followed by the Zenly service, which shows the location of friends, and the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 applications include: online karaoke StarMaker, online clothing retailer Shein, Maps for Minecraft PE application, online taxi ordering service DiDi, YouTube client Pure Tuber, retailer Dixie app and online store Scooter.
Around the world, people have adapted to the pandemic through the transition to life in mobile, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The most successful industries were those that helped people to be closer both virtually and personally, "commented Lexi Sidow, head of marketing research at App Annie.
The revenue of the mobile games sector in 2021 reached $90 billion. The leaders in the number of downloads were casual and hypercasual games, in which there is no or almost no plot, and video design is minimal.
The top 3 most popular games in the world included Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia, the leading games are DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends of the next year, the company's analysts named the growth in the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growth in the popularity of financial applications, such as the Robinhood investor application, among generation Z, and the further increase in the popularity of metaversion mobile games.
Clan De File for dogs with beef, 30 pcs. of 40 g.
Natural dried delicacy for dogs of all breeds and ages from beef.
Clan De File is a meat fillet for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
Natural dried delicacy for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Only one type of protein is used in the preparation - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, which means that the delicacy is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the delicacy is meat fillet, processed in accordance with quality standards that are used in cooking for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily diet: no more than 10% of the daily diet of an adult animal.
Energy value: 407 kcal.
Ingredients: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians warned of a new scheme of fraudsters
The attackers began to look for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
Izvestia writes about this with reference to experts.
According to Ivideon's product director Zaur Abutalimov, the main danger associated with the spread of video communication means is dipfaces.
In this case, the fraudsters create a fake video based on real records involving the victim.
Thanks to this, the neural network is able to accurately reproduce the behavior of a person.
Abutalimov added that using a dipfake, attackers can call the victim's acquaintances via video link or create a video with a copy of a person for distribution for the purpose of blackmail.
"Such fakes can easily provoke bullying, since a savvy attacker can put people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scenarios," the expert said.
Varonis leading system engineer Alexander Vetkol, in turn, noted that psychologically people trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this could create specific risks when it comes to technologies using video.
David, I will add.
In what I wrote above, I emphasized that I bought all this in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow me to paint much and walk in short skirts, show stockings and tights on legs.
This is a province, but there was such a product in the store.
In big cities, Muslim women also painted, and showed frogs.
So in Dushanbe, it is a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are many fashionistas, but there are no cosmetics.
Listed five actions that will help avoid diabetes
Problems with blood sugar are among the most common in the world.
However, some do not attach much importance to this, and in vain.
Diabetes can eventually lead to severe complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a major role in preventing the formation of diseases.
So, doctors recommend changing the drinking regime - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to ordinary water have a positive effect on metabolism.
Sweet foods raise blood sugar levels to a dangerous level when consumed in excess.
Therefore, the first step towards a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and store them at home.
The appearance of the disease is affected not only by improper nutrition, but also by habits.
To reduce the risks of diabetes, you need to move a lot.
Experts advise to adhere to a low-carbohydrate diet.
Such a diet will not only help reduce weight, but also protect against sharp fluctuations in sugar levels.
To protect against diabetes, you need to eat a lot of fiber.
Dietary fibers fill the stomach and thus contribute to a feeling of satiety, the release of digestive juices and increase food absorption.
Tomato seeds GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, article No. 4241014.
Low-sized early beef tomato with abundant fruiting for cultivation in open ground and under temporary film shelters.
The plant is determinant, with short internodes.
The fruits are large, rich pink in color, quite dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by leaves, well stored.
The flesh is juicy, with a sugar taste.
The hybrid is resistant to a complex of diseases.
Recommended for making salads, snacks and slicing.
Seedling: in late March - early April.
Picking - in the phase of the first real sheet.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After planting in the open ground, the plants are formed and tied.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has a class A energy efficiency, which allows you to consume significantly less electricity during operation.
The freezer is perfect for both a private house and an apartment due to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and excellent noise insulation.
the camera does not work louder than a conventional refrigerator.
The quick freezing function freezes products in the shortest possible time, preserving the maximum amount of nutrients.
The Slavda FC-160 freezing stall corresponds to the N/ST climate class, which allows it to work without problems at room temperatures up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova spoke about "weekend migraine" in workaholics
Several factors can lead to deterioration of well-being on the weekend
The reason for the deterioration of well-being after working days is often "weekend migraine," said a well-known endocrinologist, candidate of medical sciences, senior researcher at the Faculty of Fundamental Medicine of Moscow State University, scientific director of the System Medicine Clinic Zukhra Pavlova in her telegram channel.
According to her, workaholics especially often suffer from this, who have a headache, brokenness and weakness on weekends.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to the fatigue accumulated during the week, there are quite a lot of objective reasons for the negative reaction of the body to changing conditions.
On weekends, our life changes radically.
"We sleep for a long time, we lie on the couch all day, most likely we eat more, and drink less," the doctor argued.
Due to overeating and lack of water - heaviness and brokenness. "
An additional role is played by the late rise.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, then there will be a reaction called jet lag.
It occurs in travelers who cross several time zones.
To determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of well-being, Pavlova recommended tracking what changes the most on the weekend.
Mattress Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185.
The reinforced perimeter of high-density foam significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
Mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of stiffness, total height of the mattress 23 cm.
The maximum permissible load per bed is up to 140 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows you to correctly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulation layer of felt has been added, separating the mattress and spring fillers.
On one side of the mattress is a layer of coconut coir 2 cm thick, giving additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
Cotton jacquard quilted on 2 cm thick artificial latex and 1 cm Hollcon material, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress is a layer of coconut coir 1 cm thick and a layer of felt is used.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four comfortable handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of layers.
South African scientists announce low effectiveness of Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
South Africa announces low effectiveness of Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
Scientists of the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported on the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus infection.
According to estimates, it (the level of neutralization of "omicron") corresponds to the (level of) effectiveness of the vaccine of 22.5% against infection with symptoms, which is why... the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection is questioned, says the text of the study published on the MedRxiv portal.
At the same time, experts clarified that the drug can save from the severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of coronavirus could cause a new wave of pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar in familiar foods?
Sugar is not the best source of beneficial nutrients.
Its excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cause cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should take into account that under an unfamiliar word in the composition of the product, hidden sugar can be indicated - an ingredient similar to sugar in calorie content, composition and glycemic index.
On the label can be presented several dozen names, in fact, denoting sugar.
One of the most common and common names is glucose and fructose.
There may also be other hidden sugars such as dextrose (sugar obtained from corn), levulose (fruit sugar), molasses (black molasses), agave syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be not only in confectionery, but also in ketchup, doctor's sausage, bread, etc.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, as well as pay attention to the label and many different names of sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but whatever the name of the ingredient in the product - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it still remains sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar, since it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the package, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total amount of sugar may be significantly higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: gas will lose importance for Germany in 25 years
The new German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that gas imports are losing importance for Germany, as the country continues the transition to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal by 2045, becoming a climate neutral country.
"That is, in 25 years the world will be such that the issue of gas transportation to Germany and Europe will play a different role," the chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany remains committed to ensuring that Ukraine transports Russian natural gas in the future, as at the moment this resource is important for the energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States made a statement in which Berlin's support for the energy transformation of Ukraine was recorded.
Earlier, German Foreign Minister Annalena Berbock said that the process of certification of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline continues.
According to the minister, within the framework of the coalition negotiations and the discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that European law in the field of energy should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline "does not meet the requirements" of the European Union.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
In 1985, I had to travel to those regions.
I perfectly remember the ChMEZ rising from the Kanatchikovo station uphill, past an old building (similar to a centralization post, two-story), along the Kanatchikovsky passage, and turning right onto Vavilov Street, to the factory gate...
Hackers hacked Indian Prime Minister's Twitter
Hackers hacked the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The attackers managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India allegedly recognized bitcoin as a legal tender, and that the country had already purchased cryptocurrency.
Modi's office asked him to ignore the new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter reacted quickly - access to the account was restored.
The page of the Prime Minister of India was already hacked in 2020 and called for donations to the fund using cryptocurrency.
In the referendum in New Caledonia, the majority voted against independence
In New Caledonia, the third referendum, held on 12 December, ended with the same result as the previous two.
According to the first partial results, announced on Sunday, December 12, at noon, the majority of New Caledonians voted in a referendum against the independence of their territory.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the previous two.
According to preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) of voters voted "for" the independence of New Caledonia from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted "against."
The turnout was 43.90%, more than 80,000 New Caledonians took part in the elections.
As France-Presse comments on these interim results, "the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt," as supporters of independence called on voters not to vote.
As the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that the new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic in the archipelago prevents a full and "honest" election campaign.
Thus, this non-participation opened the way for a third victory for the supporters of French New Caledonia, after the referendums held in November 2018 and October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, in 2020 - 53.3%.
According to the separatists, they do not recognize the results of the last vote and will challenge them in the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, at the Elysee Palace, French President Emmanuel Macron is to speak on the results of this referendum.
The theme of New Caledonia's independence in many ways revived the last weeks of the presidential campaign in France.
Several presidential candidates spoke in favor of the territory remaining part of France, as it is "the last region of the European Union's presence in the Pacific."
"New Caledonia must remain French," Eric Zemmur repeated repeatedly.
The same statement was made by Republican candidate Valerie Pecresse, who published a column in Le Figaro at the end of October, urging Caledonians to remain French.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take a position "because it is not his responsibility."
Nevertheless, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "a strong desire that the choice of Caledonians be the choice of France."
Light, oh, hello!
I'm a little... a little nahamila, still embarrassing, ashamed.
Thank you for not turning away from my channel.
On the topic: I'm not an artist, I like to draw, but it turns out an inspired daub.
But as an artist - not an artist at all: what would change here?
Just do not forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as common as it is now.
But medicine was at zero - leeches, garlic and decoctions.
Now they would put them on their feet in an instant.
And the food is absolutely nothing.
The world's first drone with laser weapons tested in Turkey
Turkey successfully tested the world's first drone with laser weapons.
The Eren UAV was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 m, MIR24 reports.
The device is capable of neutralizing explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum flight height of the novelty reaches 3 thousand m.
After passing the relevant tests, the UAV should enter the service of the Turkish military, which will use it to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of deminers.
The agency emphasizes that Turkey is among the six countries in the world capable of developing and producing its own drones.
I cut the humpback with steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper peas and fragrant peas.
Sometimes I added cloves, it does not interfere.
In a deep cup, covered with a saucer on top.
Well, as if everything.
And why do I need this salmon, for such money I don't know what, the humpback is a great fish.
Bread, butter, humpback.
Awesome sandwich.
WSJ readers criticized an article about relations between Russia and the United States
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized an article by Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the material expressed concern that the West is allegedly sacrificing Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow, and made a number of offensive statements about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the end, Hartwell called on Western countries "to act as a united front against Russia."
WSJ readers expressed their disagreement with the position of the American professor.
"There is quite a lot of false information in this article," RIA Novosti quotes a comment from one of the readers.
"Europe is not ours to" lose "and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never enter into a nuclear war with Russia for the sake of Ukraine, "said another.
Patches can also be applied to the lip area.
The hydrogel used in the production of Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch patches is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorbency and transfer of highly concentrated natural plant essence to the skin, fits snugly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
When transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the concomitant loss of moisture and causes the essence to penetrate into the deep layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with PDU Nores
The 2085/EL lamp of the NORES series consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic diffuser.
The material of the diffuser is high-quality white matt acrylic, which provides the lamp with uniform dispersion and good light transmission.
The shape of the plafond: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots that give the included lamp a beautiful effect of "star flicker" and transfusion.
The degree of protection IP43 allows the use of the luminaire in certain areas of wet rooms.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, with a power of 72 W, which corresponds to a 520 W incandescent lamp.
As well as the remote control, with the help of which a smooth change in the color temperature of 3000-6000K, a change in brightness, a transition to the switching mode of warm/white/cold/night light is carried out.
Uriage Face mask moisturizing thermal night 50 ml.
Ultra moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rested and radiant skin in the morning!
A real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tones, smoothes skin relief and restores the skin barrier.
Very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
An excellent skin care product after active exposure to the sun!
Hypoallergenic.
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred in the Kuril Islands
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was 231.8 km northeast of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
The hearth lay at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier, seismologists recorded a magnitude 7.5 earthquake in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to break into people, it is not known where his petty-bourgeois thinking would have gone.
It's good when you came to America as a famous person.
And if you were born there, it is not known for what you would fight.
So in vain he poured mud, bile and poison on the system, which is fairer than no one has yet come up with.
Ukraine to start producing new generation jet drones
The new Ukrainian-Turkish plant will begin to create jet unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) of the ANKA type.
This was announced on December 11 by the freelance adviser to the head of the office of the Ukrainian president Alexey Arestovich.
That is, they are able to act against air objects, against other drones.
Even against manned aircraft.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of the Turkish avionics: the hull and the like, "Dialog.ua quotes him.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA devices, Arestovich said that it was a jet, not a piston UAV.
According to him, this is a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceed it "in all characteristics."
The first batch of UAVs should be produced by the plant at the end of next year, concluded Arestovich.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the drone has been conducted by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
The day before, the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems during military operations of the combined forces in Donbass.
On December 6, the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky announced that the construction of a plant for the production of modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kiev region, which will conduct training of personnel, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish Bayraktar UAVs.
The press service of the Ukrainian leader's office called the memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from a container at the airport
Lions escaped at Singapore's Changi airport.
This is reported by The Straits Times.
Two predators managed to get out of a container with seven lions, which arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were going.
One of the runaway lions lay on the roof of the container.
The animals could not move away from him because of the protective net installed nearby.
The confrontation ended after the arrival at the airport of employees of the Mandai Wildlife Group, which is in charge of all Singaporean zoos.
They immobilized the lions with darts with a tranquilizer and plan to deliver them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, a lion escaped from its owner and walked through the streets of the city.
On the same day, the animal voluntarily returned home, people were not injured.
Experts warned about the threat of cancer due to vitamin B9
Studies suggest that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
The Daily Express warned about this.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people who do not lack folic acid are less likely to get some types of cancer, in particular, colorectal.
However, exceeding the required dose, on the contrary, contributes to the growth of cancer cells.
Professor of the University of Alabama in Birmingham, nutritionist Beth Kitchin advises to monitor the amount of folic acid consumed during the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only if there is a significant deviation from this figure in a greater or lesser direction.
Kitchin recommends not taking vitamin B9 in tablets without a doctor's recommendation, be sure to monitor the dosage and avoid milk flakes and other foods that contain folic acid.
Earlier, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Since it is, among other things, contained in avocados, Fine recommended that men after 50 years eat this fruit more often.
In the UK, by April, about 75 thousand people may die due to the omicron strain
Forecasts of British scientists show that due to the spread of the omicron strain of coronavirus, up to 75 thousand people may die in England in the next five months, if restrictive measures are not tightened in winter.
This was reported by The Guardian newspaper with reference to a study by experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), TASS reports.
According to the most optimistic forecast of specialists who are part of the scientific advisory group on emergency situations under the British Cabinet of Ministers, by April 2022, at least 25 thousand deaths due to the omicron strain will be recorded in the country, and about 175 thousand patients will be hospitalized.
At the peak of the disease, hospitals will receive more than 2,000 infected people daily.
"Serious measures to combat coronavirus may be required to prevent the National Health Service from being overwhelmed if the omicrone strain is more contagious than the delta variant, and existing vaccines cannot exclude infection," said mathematician Rosanna Barnard of LSHTM.
Earlier, the UK Health Safety Agency informed that if the rate of spread of the omicrone strain remains at the current level, then by the end of the year about 1 million cases of infection will be detected in the country.
At the same time, by mid-December, the omicron strain may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
At the moment, 1,898 cases of infection with the omicron strain of coronavirus have been detected in the UK, of which 633 have been detected over the past 24 hours.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health Sajid Javid pointed out that in reality this figure could already reach 10,000 cases.
I wanted to write some clever comment, but I read it to this place:
"A fur coat obtained as a result of the incredible suffering of an unfortunate animal and its employment for a second job."
And fell under the table!
It turns out that the "unfortunate animal" is the husband, and I thought that chinchilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Kray, judging by the dislikes, the thoughts you express are not very accessible to most.
What did you mean - that those who are in instagrams pretend or they just have time for everything, because there is no need to pretend to them?
NW is like a material drain, everything that did not go away in its time is here.
If you set a goal and dig well, then among the trash you can find something worthwhile.
You just need to be patient and clearly understand what you are looking for.
Demand for superyachts grew by a quarter in the world
The construction of superyachts this year and orders for next year are breaking all records in the world, despite calls to reduce the hydrocarbon footprint and the fight against climate change.
In the world register of ships, the number of ordered yachts amounted to 1,200 units - a quarter more than last year.
In the era of fighting the effects of climate change to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, it is difficult to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for a floating fortress for $50 million pounds and above will not decrease, writes The Guardian.
However, they are becoming more and more.
This year, 25% more vessels were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokers say that there has been no such excitement in the market for 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht are afraid of infection on land and prefer to hide from the pandemic on board their own ship.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If earlier all these people went to the office and met with business partners in person, now the vast majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are conducted on the zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards are taking orders for new yachts for 2025 and later.
This means that customers are willing to pay more, if only their yacht was ready at least a year or two earlier.
"People just crave freedom, and the super-rich could afford it," he says.
In Western society, many criticize this behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, sociologists say, do not want to understand that in times of hardship, traveling into space, living on yachts or flying on their own airplanes cause irritation in society, because the elite do not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists call on governments to act and propose new taxes and rules for the super-rich, although they understand that with such mobility of money, it will be extremely difficult to implement.
Meanwhile, only the number of super-yachts ordered is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1,200 vessels, 27 have a stern length above 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke is building a yacht REV Ocean with a length of 183 meters.
After launching it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a "lunar pool," as well as a submarine designed to study the deep sea.
On existing super-yachts, helicopter platforms, open-air cinemas have become common, and on some of them, such as on the wrestler McGregor's yacht, a platform for martial arts. Richard Wilk, professor of economic anthropology at the American University in Indiana, says that compared to the total number of greenhouse gas selections, the carbon footprint produced by the super-rich is insignificant.
But it has symbolic significance, given that there are just over 2,000 multi-billionaires in the world.
This is just another example of overconsumption of a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emission footprint of billionaires is thousands of times larger than that of the average inhabitant of the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, then the planet's largest pollutant Roman Abramovich is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases that entered the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two-thirds of the emission footprint fell on his yacht Eclipse, 162.5 meters long.
Even if the owner is not on board the yacht, the crew continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the command to drive the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners do not arouse the sympathy of other people when they, like Australia's richest woman Gina Reinhard, who owns mines on the continent, complain via YouTube that there is no place for their giant ships to dock.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for ships over 50 meters.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol was determined, leading to the development of bowel cancer
American scientists have determined how much alcoholic beverages per week increases the risk of cancer.
The Daily Express writes about this.
Experts concluded that the use of four or more servings of alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of developing oncology.
At the same time, the likelihood of developing the disease increases with the increase in the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, moderately drunk men have a higher risk of bowel cancer than women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact reason for the development of this type of oncology, noting only that certain factors lead to a process harmful to the body.
Thanks to the author for the worthy material and photo.
Sergey, I don't see anything wrong with selfishness and pride.
Just as you do not see selfishness and pride in a man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to charge her with expenses and responsibility, and to enjoy the title of father at a safe distance.
Why they work in the ministry, they have a place in the circus.
I understand that everything had to be on a royal scale, but the model is very hypertrophied.
It is even difficult to imagine how poor Diana was shoved into a carriage, and in general any movement.
I was 12 years old, and I remember showing the ceremony on TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful magnificent dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I changed my mind to be a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many, or rather all dog lovers are sure that these creatures are very smart.
But even they do not know how four-legged pets are actually developed.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out for sure how the intelligence of animals is developed.
Although the dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as human, a new study proves that a dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The works of scientists were published in the publication Sciencealert.
Dogs can not play chess or write poetry, do not understand anything in politics, economics and art, yet they often manage to fool their owners.
Representatives of some breeds, experts say, show the best results in understanding the words of the human language, but statistical data are not enough for accurate conclusions.
So, some breeds are traditionally considered dog geniuses - for example, Labradors.
Scientists have concluded that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and the ability to learn is not inferior to a two-year-old child.
Mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
Mattress on an independent spring block TFK with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent TFK block.
This is a reliable modern design of 512 independent springs on the bed.
Each spring is in a separate bag and has no effect on the neighboring ones.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person takes a natural form during sleep.
Springs for strength are insulated from the upper layers with thermal felt.
On top of the felt are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and excellent properties.
One side is complemented by a thin layer of natural semizonal latex.
This natural filler has 7 comfort zones, contributes to the perception of human weight, has a light massage effect.
The Antistress cover is made of velour quilted on 250 g of hallcon per square meter.
It is pleasant to the touch and externally, has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a prime example is the deep-water angler Taumatikht Axel.
Some of its victims are so great that they cause the death of the angler.
He simply cannot swallow them, and his teeth do not allow him to spit out too much prey back into the water.
If you are indifferent to the fate of your real estate in the number of four objects, then why did you decide that your objects are interesting to someone and he will take care of them?
Today, the law gives you the opportunity to manage your property.
Manage yourself if you don't like how others do it.
In Ukraine, the United States and Russia prepared for bargaining
The United States and Russia will "bargain" over Ukraine's accession to NATO, said analyst Alexander Kochetkov in his article for Glavred.
In his opinion, Washington and Moscow plan to continue negotiations in the near future on the guarantees of the United States that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of the American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries to "join anywhere."
If you are offered something obviously unacceptable, well, for example, to sell a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not bargain, but simply send the offeror.
And in relation to Ukraine, bargaining is planned, "the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks a dialogue with Kiev.
"The training is carried out covertly, quickly and immediately turn to offensive actions, and do not wait for the group to be discovered and deployed by counter-forces," he said.
China stimulates development of railway transport industry
Advanced Chinese technologies attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the China International Rail Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Exhibition 2021, held in Zhuzhou, Hunan Province /Central China/.
The main technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical malfunctions, said company representative Hou Zhaowen.
High-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway line, which was put into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and efficiency of rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased exports of railway vehicles and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed."
In May of this year, the first two-decker high-speed electric trains developed in China, intended for export to Europe, were launched from the production line of CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, the trial operation of the metro train developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey began.
The train will move along the metro line connecting the center of Istanbul with the city airport.
Traffic on this metro line will be opened next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey at a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"China's railway equipment industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness," said Feng Yaoxiang, head of the trade and investment department of the China Committee for the Promotion of International Trade.
"This industry is the main competitive advantage of Chinese production of high-end equipment in the global market," Feng Yaoxiang said.
After more than 60 years of hard work, having conducted a number of independent research and development, China has created an advanced system for the production of equipment for railway transport, with a full range of auxiliary means and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoxiang, the country ranks first in terms of railway electrification and operational mileage on high-speed and urban railways.
Biologist lists early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheykin in an interview with Sputnik radio listed early signs of dementia.
According to him, signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a number of moderate cognitive impairments, such as inability to concentrate, planning, and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
Currently, there is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence, the specialist said.
Golosheykin emphasized that the causes of dementia can be neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of the cerebral vessels are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that today doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
According to him, learning foreign languages and active communication will help reduce the risk of developing dementia.
WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly training cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking
"There are recommendations for the use of various dietary supplements, but their effectiveness and feasibility are still being discussed in the scientific community," Golosheykin said.
"The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking," Golosheykin said.
Earlier, a charity for dementia research in the UK said that the disease is increasingly affecting people aged 40 years.
Doctors named the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first alarming sign can be considered problems with vision, due to which the patient acquires difficulties in recognizing objects.
Another sign of developing dementia experts called aphasia - a condition when a person cannot find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
Neurologist demanded to send Saakashvili for treatment abroad
Former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili needs psychonervous treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze, who is a member of the medical council established under the Georgian Ombudsman, told journalists.
His [Saakashvili's] neurological status is leading in his disease.
Stable problems are problems with movement, coordination, variability of character, "the expert said, noting that this does not go beyond the regulatory framework and now the ex-president should be sent for special rehabilitation.
"We call this neurorehabilitation and psychonervous rehabilitation, the possibility of which we have not found in Georgia," Toidze said, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution, which does not exist in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began sabotaging medical care after prison officers subjected him to disciplinary punishment.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to abolish the punishment and restore his former rights.
Alexandra, "Do you also take money for this?" - I wonder where such people come from...
it is normal to pay for bread in the bakery, but for the work of the tutor - no?
Or are we so holy that we eat prana?
There is another side of the coin.
These people are parasites on the body of society.
They do not work, do not pay taxes, live on benefits and at the expense of relatives.
At the same time, they receive full medical care.
How many mouths can a worker feed?
We feed all drunkards, drug addicts, who also lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we are surprised to extend the retirement age.
These amounts could be spent on the treatment of really sick people.
Of course, the red flag of Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and should not be confused with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it can never be a state again.
It's time for the author to tie up with provocative articles, it's time to calm down and start living a normal life, not the past.
Protests against COVID passports took place in Spain
Protests were held in the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia against the mandatory certificate of vaccination against COVID-19, Europa Press reports.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action was approximately 3,000 people.
In Barcelona, COVID passports have become mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment venues.
Many demonstrators came to the action without masks.
With slogans on their posters, they accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respect for the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination passports will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
Protesters in this city declared a medical dictatorship, and vaccination was called an experiment.
In Spain, since the beginning of the pandemic, more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been detected, more than 88 thousand patients have died.
In Russia, it is also planned to introduce restrictions for the unvaccinated.
The government submitted bills on a unified system of QR codes to the State Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to visit places of mass events, cultural institutions, catering and retail facilities with the presentation of either a certificate of vaccination or a disease, or a medical evacuation from vaccination.
The same rules will be established for travel by train and airplane.
Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast with glass lid.
Cast stove with non-stick coating Anthracite TM Tradition.
The dishes are intended for daily use at home.
The exceptional strength and durability of the non-stick coating, equivalent in durability to natural stone, is designed specifically for intensive use for every day.
Thick-walled cast body.
Five-layer non-stick coating system of the latest generation.
Premium coating reinforced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection against burning.
It has good non-stick for easy and pleasant preparation of healthy dishes without oil and fat.
At least 4000 thousand cooking cycles, subject to the rules of operation.
Suitable for all types of plates, except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each product is 4 years (subject to the rules of operation 4 years for the body and 1 year for non-stick coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Pots and roasters can be used in the oven without a glass lid.
Ease of washing.
Logically, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and sick rarely (once or twice a year of ARVI), then his immunity is normal.
In general, doctors do not recommend immunomodulators for prevention in principle.
Immunity is supported by a healthy diet and a plus sports regime.
Based on this, vaccination against influenza and this covid is meaningless.
Anti-aerosol filter 3M 5925.
Degree of protection FFP2, 2 pcs.
Reference No. 713946.
FFP2 brand replacement filter for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Provides protection of the user's respiratory tract from various substances in the air.
It creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions when the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used to protect against bacteria/viruses together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The protection class FFP2 has a MPC of more than 0.05 mg / cubic m3, with a maximum concentration of 12 x MPC.
Respirators of this class of protection are able to retain at least 94% of harmful substances.
The pre-filters are attached to the gas mask filters with a 3M 501 holder.
Features: low breathing resistance.
Does not make the review difficult.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half masks, as well as 3M full face masks.
Compatibility with other PPE required in difficult working conditions is ensured.
The stared eyes of the "constitutional monarch," judging by the network, got not only me.
And this family PR - children, father...
Revva somehow seemed to me.
Only knew that the Hare to pester - Batruha da Batruha.
Well, I found out, said once, and keep silent, let a friend prove himself, for that and fought.
Steep climb: how the Chinese become skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create international resorts in the country
China hopes that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to winter sports, which will collect the 1 trillion yuan designated by President Xi Jinping, but also contribute to the economic development of backward remote provinces.
The Taiwu ski resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the site of the Winter Olympic Games, is becoming increasingly popular with the Chinese.
In addition to the construction of infrastructure, landscaping works are also being carried out in the region: workers are planting trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
In many regions of China, where resorts are located, including in Zhangjiakou, there are problems with snow.
The main task for the long term is to provide a comfortable and interesting holiday in Chinese resorts, so that all newcomers become regulars.
However, this is still a long way off.
Games adviser Justin Downs says that since his last visit in 2007, the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition.
Every winter, more and more Chinese go to the slopes.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
Despite major changes, it will take many more years to create a ski culture here, Downs said.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions have yet to actively develop and create the necessary infrastructure for recreation.
The 70-year-old Gao Makong lives in Chunli, near the venues of the Winter Olympics.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chunli, now none of the locals suffer without work.
More and more shops selling clothing and equipment for winter sports are opening in the country.
On the slopes open catering points with dishes of national cuisine.
Taiwu now even has a COVID-19 testing station.
China is striving to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes should become leaders of the largest international competitions, and resorts and equipment should reach the world level.
More than 500 million people in the world may face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, the WHO said
More than 500 million people in the world could be plunged into extreme poverty due to the coronavirus pandemic, which slowed down the progress of humanity in the issue of universal access to health services, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB) said.
On the occasion of the International Day for Universal Health Coverage on December 12, WHO and WB published two complementary reports.
In them, they stated that the pandemic led to failures in the provision of medical services, caused excessive stress in health care systems.
In this regard, for the first time in 10 years, immunization coverage has decreased, and mortality from tuberculosis and malaria has increased.
The WHO and the WB stressed that the pandemic caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, so it became more difficult for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than 500 million people "into extreme poverty, because they have to pay for these services out of pocket."
In October, UN Secretary General António Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic has plunged more than 100 million people into poverty, more than four billion people have practically no social support.
Shirt Makita KP0810
Official Makita dealer.
The powerful motor is ideal for folding.
Low weight and excellent balance.
Use both standard and double-sided mini-blades.
Simple quick blade installation system.
New ergonomic design of the body, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the effect of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped grooves for chamfering of different sizes.
Sawdust removal system optional: left or right side.
Wife, this is the meat of the fur coat.
The filth is terrible.
Bats with pangolins are already full, they started for jellyfish.
Oh, how many wonderful discoveries can be made by moles, moths, lemmings.
Reuters: Taiwan minister cut off from broadcast at "Summit for Democracy" at the request of the White House
Taiwan's digital minister Audrey Tan's speech at a panel discussion during the US-sponsored "Summit for Democracy" was put into video-free mode, according to a recording of the summit on YouTube.
Reuters, citing sources, claims that the picture was turned off at the request of the White House.
According to them, the reason was the map on which Taiwan was highlighted in a separate color from the PRC, which considers the island its territory.
The map shown by Ms. Tan was compiled by the South African non-governmental organization CIVICUS and ranked the countries of the world by the degree of civil rights.
Taiwan was highlighted in green as "free," and China, North Korea, Laos and Vietnam in red as "closed."
After the minister showed the map, the picture on her side was replaced with a screenshot with a note that the opinions of the participants in the discussion "do not necessarily express the position of the US government."
The PRC was not invited to the "Summit for Democracy."
Reuters sources note that the map shown by the Taiwanese minister could run counter to the "one China" policy pursued by Washington.
One of the agency's sources said that after showing the map, the US National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The "Summit for Democracy" organized by Washington was held from 9 to 10 December with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" of the summit, Nobel Peace Prize laureate, editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta Dmitry Muratov called for the creation of an international fund through which money obtained through corruption would be given to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation Yuri Averyanov said that the summit carried an "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge."
You are served as if they are preparing food, and there is rotten meat everywhere, in fact, the meat remains with the butcher until the last piece.
The classic of journalism is to create news out of nothing.
They boil not meat, but horns and hooves, getting a substance like glue.
The finished product looks like a yellow translucent strip almost odorless and hard as plastic, used as natural gelatin.
In general, harmful substances from the processing of garbage are not less than from its decomposition.
But this saves companies a lot of money.
Therefore, a fairy tale about ecology was invented for suckers, who will also work on collecting garbage for free for the idea.
Personally, my contribution to the environment is the refusal to purchase unnecessary and long-term use of things.
If I go beyond, I do not throw it away, but give it to charity.
Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016 football shorts, white/black (XL).
Description: Football game shorts are perfect for playing football and playing sports.
Shorts have a straight comfortable cut.
The wide belt in combination with the adjustment drawstring provides a comfortable fit.
The fabric is characterized by high strength, durability, lightness and good breathability, meeting the requirements of the game at any level.
The updated brand logo is on the left side.
The shorts are packed in a convenient reusable bag with a flap-clasp.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide belt with drawstring, strong durable fabric, good breathability.
Features.
Crawl in specialties that allow you to work through the Internet.
Many of us get out by working for their uncle, but abroad.
But because of the difference in currencies, it is beneficial for us.
In relation to other countries, we are still poor.
Of course, you will have to learn different garbage, but... working on the network allows you not to depend on the domestic labor market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And those that create - yes on them especially and you won't earn.
Dining set "Egoist-unity" with gilding (4 items).
The Royal Childhood collection is one of the widest and most famous collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and pacifiers, drinkers and mugs.
All children's silver devices undergo strict quality control.
Eco-friendly silver produced directly in the factory, careful hand polishing with cotton rollers make the products absolutely safe for the child.
Thanks to the disinfectant function of silver, regular use of silver devices can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some of the typical childhood diseases.
The specialists of the factory received a grant for the use of a complex, but very beautiful guilloche technique, which was used by the famous Carl Fabergé.
This made it possible to create surprisingly bright and three-dimensional images on the products.
The collection is full of cute characters who will become true friends for the child.
Inka Squirrel, everything will be fine.
There is a second lung.
Pulmonary tissue regenerates well, if not all are removed, the remaining portion will grow.
If this is a pulmonectomy, then the second lung will become larger over time and will function for two.
Try to breathe full, fathers are stronger than daughters, they do not like tears very much.
Do not mourn ahead of time.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
Blue Origin's New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, broadcast on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended to Earth, TASS reported.
The launch of the launch vehicle was carried out from the cosmodrome near the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to a height of just over 100 km, space tourists were in a state of weightlessness.
The carrier rocket itself landed on the site of the cosmodrome.
On July 20, Blue Origin successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard with passengers on board.
VILLAGES OF THE VILLAGE MOSCOW.
It is not necessary in one heap - there are bad people, you can have claims to them on a specific occasion...
but what is the number of children, age, pension fund and so on?
Write that they are "scoundrels, did not return the money."
But how many and when they have children, it is not your business until they gather these children to hang on your neck.
And if this is excluded, so what right do you have to condemn them?
Probably, it is only in education so...
Chosen (by themselves) parents dictate their rules, frankly spitting on existing ones.
And if it will concern other spheres of life, legal proceedings, etc.?
The laws are not written for them.
And if the father still implements his method of upbringing and education?
Some kind of horror and an example for others is very bad.
Embroidery set "Feathered Stars" DESIGN WORKS 2719.
Composition of the set: Aida 14 ct dark blue canvas, floss, sequins, needle, scheme, instructions.
The production of Design Works began in 1987 and is still popular around the world.
Many motifs are designed by such a famous designer as Ronald West.
Design Works cross stitching kits are equipped with high-quality Aida canvas, 100% cotton floss and tapestry needle No. 24.
Also in the assortment you will find sets for embroidery on plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, tracks and tablecloths and much more.
China strengthens the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land checkpoints are located
The joint prevention and control mechanism of the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular ordering to strengthen the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land checkpoints are located, in order to further prevent the import of infection from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must provide a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test result received within 48 hours before departure.
Those who come to cities where land checkpoints are located must take at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be effective from the day when the relevant administrative units of the provincial level identify and publish the zones of these cities, until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities where land checkpoints are located and that meet certain conditions may consider creating buffer zones for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisiya Sokolova, as usual, Russian women are drawn to the Eastern ethnic group by Indian films, which only in Russia and played in cinemas.
In the West, no one looked at this nonsense with the natives.
And how many such cities and villages are forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, article number: 5110704.
The composition of the mattress layers RelaxFoam 2 cm: aloe latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
The cover is Splendid jersey.
The knitted fabric made of cotton has a special design.
The base is braided with special synthetic threads that provide special strength and softness of the material.
The honeycomb structure of the weave supports natural thermoregulation and moisture removal during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/m2.
Mattress Dimax OK Basis, size 130x185.
Spring orthopedic mattress OK Basis XL is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The practical filler Balance Foam gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time leaves the price at the budget level.
This product is an optimal combination of price and quality.
Balance FDM foam is a modern material that is obtained from PUR.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
That is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much tougher than Russian ones.
Another important quality of Balance Foam XL is its orthopedicity: the material supports the correct position of the person throughout the sleep time.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has acquired a lower-than-average stiffness, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be quite soft.
The main bearing block in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for the content of independent springs, there are 256 elements per square meter at once.
The practical unit can withstand a weight of up to 100 kg per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, enhancing the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
The manufacturer provides the possibility of choosing between a spring block with a height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final cost.
Be sure to indicate your preferences when ordering to the store operator.
The mattress comes in a knitted cover, with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is nonremovable.
Orthopedic foam, which is used in the mattress, has a certificate CertiPUR.
Bra Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Perfect for rooms such as the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting device comes in color: gold.
The lamp uses lamps with a cap E14.
The total power allows lighting approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this lamp for rooms decorated in the style of "Classic."
The Foreign Ministry told about the "sad conclusion" in relations between Russia and the United States
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov in an interview with Izvestia assessed the prospects of relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long path of cooperation led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not begin yesterday.
There is one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of some prospect of improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion after a long journey that we have gone through with the current administration, Trump, and Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday, "the diplomat said.
According to Ryabkov, the problem is connected with the desire of the United States to impose approaches on Russia on a variety of issues.
The deputy foreign minister added that he would not risk giving optimistic forecasts about the prospects for improving relations and would not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that with the exception of such areas as strategic stability and cyber security, there is no progress.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach to international security issues and hopes that the signals will be heard, and the Americans will listen to the arguments of common sense.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov at a meeting with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said that Moscow is ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
The virologist warned about the danger of vaccination with a nasal drug for COVID outside hospitals
Those vaccinated with the nasal vaccine against COVID-19 may have allergies and need medical help, so the first points for vaccination with this drug should not be organized at airports and shopping centers.
This was reported by TASS virologist, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the laboratory of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virology of the Novosibirsk State University Sergey Netesov.
It is easier to organize nasal vaccine vaccination points in airports and shopping centers, but I would do it at first only in medical institutions.
The fact is that there is a possibility of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is small, but it is desirable that the person then sit next to the doctor's office.
Doctors have special sets of antiallergic drugs that act literally in a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary, "Netesov said.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping centers when experience in using the drug is accumulated.
He also stressed that when using the nasal vaccine, it is important that it gets on the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
At the same time, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the person vaccinated with a stuffy nose swollen after injection.
Painting by numbers on canvas, anime "blade that cuts demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring by numbers is interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many people like to draw, but sometimes they lack abilities or skills.
This simple, but very exciting activity allows you to relax, realize your creative potential and create masterpieces with your own hands.
There are many unusual pictures and "unbeaten" stories in the assortment!
We develop current stories on our own and try to make the result please you!
Everything is very simple!
When painting, the contours applied to the canvas will not "float," they do not dissolve with water.
Each segment is numbered so as not to get lost in the colors.
The picture in its finished form will become a bright element of the situation, a highlight of the interior, attracting attention at first sight.
But this picture was not painted by some artist.
You drew it yourself.
With your own hands!
Serbia produces 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian Sputnik V vaccine, Minister of Innovation and Technological Development Nenad Popovic told TASS.
"The Torlak State Institute has so far produced about 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine, and we expect that at least 4 million of them will be produced in the coming period," Popovich stated.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among the Serbs.
In this regard, the republic plans to purchase an additional million doses of vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production of the nasal vaccine Sputnik V and the drug Sputnik Light on the territory of the state.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that the Russian Federation has delivered almost two million doses of the domestic Sputnik V coronavirus vaccine to Serbia.
Lama, they say, true believers make up the church.
Whether these are true believers or not, we cannot know.
Each of us would like to be such a true believer, and everyone tries to be one.
But no one should say either to himself or to those who believe as he does that they are the only true believers.
Because if they can say to themselves that they are true believers, then others can say the same.
Mattress Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145x190
Mattress Prime Orto S1000 with different sides of stiffness, total mattress height 22 cm.
The maximum permissible load per bed is up to 150 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows the springs to correctly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulation layer of felt has been added, separating the mattress and spring fillers.
On one side of the mattress is a layer of coconut coir 3 cm high, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress added a layer of coconut coir 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm.
Natural latex has an anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The mattress cover is made of cotton jacquard, quilted on environmentally friendly material Hollcon.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four comfortable handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress along the perimeter is additionally reinforced with a frame made of artificial latex, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., Please remind me what style was the marathon at the 2021 World Cup?
Do you see the ski track on which the participants of the race should finish in the classical style?
Attention, the question is - what does Klebo do to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get on the ski track if he was walking behind at the turn in front of the target?
And the "best finisher" at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It was long ago...
I was, and in fact I was not a driver.
They were right, but they could not ride.
Offered on MAZ to go 250 km in one direction!
Young, bad, agreed.
The owner is nearby, drinking vodka, I'm going.
At first, like a king, he took the axial!
A column lined up behind me.
Missed.
Then the belt on the GUR was torn.
Then the traffic cops stopped us.
The column was organized, and their car broke down.
Need to be towed.
The owner of MAZ explained that he was drunk, driving inexperienced.
And to him - what are you drunk?
Do not stumble, do not fall.
Ahead of us with flashing lights and forward!
In my opinion, from advertising does not get out, whether to grieve.
Singers about the same: about the return of retirement age.
For a long time, all budgets have been drawn up taking into account the billions not received by pre-pensioners.
Who tells them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1239 cases of omicron strain of coronavirus were recorded per day - RT in Russian
During the day, 1239 cases of infection with the new omicron strain of coronavirus were detected in the UK.
Sky News reports this.
In particular, 1,196 new cases of the omicron strain were recorded in England, 38 people fell ill with a new type of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of COVID-19 cases from the new strain in the UK has reached 3137 people.
Earlier, scientists from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine calculated in a pessimistic forecast that 75 thousand people could die in England by April due to an outbreak of coronavirus caused by the omicron strain.
Peskov warned of suffering Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Press Secretary of the Russian President Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in case of continued "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including due to the alleged "invasion" of the country.
"It is impossible to impose any restrictions against Russia and not to suffer yourself," said the official representative of the Kremlin on the Russia 1 TV channel.
Peskov claims that "everyone in the world understands this."
Earlier it was reported that the United States is considering the possibility of imposing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as an extreme measure.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to impose restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars in relation to Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, the head of Sberbank, Herman Gref, is sure that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - respectively adequate comments!
Something from these simple to nauseating recipes is already sick.
Apparently, the ideas are over.
Even in the distant times of childhood, my mother baked delicious pies and cakes, and it did not come to mind to compare a piece of bread smeared with jam with a cake.
Ksenia, you do not need to convey anything to my mind, my mind must understand itself!
"The inability of the mind divided with the Spirit to perceive" - what are you about?!
Imagine that you need to explain this on your fingers to an unsophisticated child, how do you do it?!
(Please note that a child under 3-5 years of age still has channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child can know more than you!)
New Caledonians rejected the idea of independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, the vast majority of participants refused to leave France.
This was reported on December 12 by the French TV channel BFM.TV.
96.5% of voters were against independence.
3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific supported independence from France.
The results of 2.99% of ballots were canceled.
The level of voting on that day was very low: about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polling stations.
According to experts, the low turnout is due to calls by separatists to refuse to participate in the referendum because of the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the referendum.
In October 2020, New Caledonians voted in a referendum against independence from France.
In 2018, a referendum on independence was already held in the region.
Most residents supported the location of the archipelago as part of France.
New Caledonia is located almost 20 thousand kilometers from mainland France.
In 1853, France declared New Caledonia its possession.
About 270 thousand people live in the archipelago, the territory is endowed with a special administrative-territorial status.
There is a 1998 agreement between Paris and the administration of New Caledonia, according to which the region can organize a vote on its independence twice with a difference of two years.
Boris, if you don't know history, don't write.
The name of the city of Arsk came from the Bulgarian-Tatar word "artysh" (juniper).
The Udmurts (Ars in Tatar) live in the northern districts of the Baltasinsky and Kukmorsky districts.
The Udmurts are beautiful, hard-working people, they have preserved their language, they live in friendship with the Tatars, they know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that the Motherland will not leave.
Fools shouting "cheerful slogans" will throw.
This I tell you with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Do not spit in the well, you may have to drink water!
WHO preliminary considers "omicron" less dangerous than "delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) preliminary believes that "omicron" is less dangerous than the delta strain of coronavirus.
At the same time, there is evidence of a decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines with a new variant of COVID-19.
As of December 9, omicron is registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and a significantly changed antigenic protein profile of the omicron strain suggest a decrease in the effectiveness of the vaccine against infection and transmission of the variant.
According to preliminary findings from South Africa, it is assumed that it ("severity of the disease" - ed.) may be less severe than in the "delta," "the WHO technical report says.
The organization notes that so far all registered cases of infection with "omicron" in the EU are easy or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain, according to preliminary data, spreads faster than the "delta."
Two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been registered in Russia.
They "were previously immunized," the Gamalei Center reported.
The head of Rospotrebnadzor, Anna Popova, stated that so far there is no reliable data that the new version of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the rest.
In fact, the lack of sun for us, the southern people, is very critical.
For 10 days spent in St. Petersburg in November, we saw the sun for the first time when our plane flying back took off over the clouds.
Then I only realized what I was missing all the time in the beautiful Peter.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To know what I did not know - to drink space with my eyes, mouth and skin!
Who sees only water in the ocean,
He does not notice the mountains on earth.
Your world of adventure +7 905 989 9172 What's App
Siberian Expeditions - we can spoil you even the worst mood!
Svetlana S., no, there is no such - do not give in.
If your beloved, with whom you are going to live all your life, does not give in to your requests, then he is a parasite who does not want to give in return as much as he takes.
And the problem of women is that they themselves slowly take everything on themselves.
And who is to blame here, if she grabbed the guzh?
Four scenarios for Zelensky were named in Ukraine
Ex-deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko listed four options for the development of events for the President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may be left without the support of the West, and may also compromise on the Donbas.
On Sunday, December 12, Denisenko told about this in a publication on the Glavred portal.
The first option, which Denisenko called a "perfect storm," assumes that key Western countries will stop supporting Ukraine, reaching an agreement on the country's future without its participation.
Such a development will contribute to the deep crisis that Kiev may face in 2023.
"In parallel, there is a decrease in prices for key goods that we traditionally export <... > internal protests and confrontation between the authorities and key FPGs (financial and industrial groups. - Ed.)," the ex-parliamentary added.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario for the development of the situation - "war against all."
This forecast will come true in the event of high turbulence in world politics, in which the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Because of this state of affairs, the leadership of Ukraine can make compromises on the Donbas, as a result of which a confrontation within the country is possible.
At the end of summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, the probability of such a situation, according to the former MP, is up to 50-55%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is a confrontation between the population groups that disagree with Zelensky and the president, which is why the seizure of control over the power bloc and the implementation of "populist initiatives" are likely.
In the course of such a variant of the crisis, Zelensky will begin "reformatting the power," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is the transformation of Zelensky into the "father of the nation."
Some event can lead to this, which will be a strong shock to society.
"The event should be large enough to cause a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
Such a variant of the development of the situation is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a man-made disaster or aggressive actions of Russia, the ex-deputy believes.
At this, the Russian side has repeatedly rejected any possibility of an "attack" on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that are increasing military activity at the Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, a survey by the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to record lows, amounting to 19.3%.
This is the lowest figure since his election as head of state.
Analysts predicted a situation in which in the case of the next presidential elections in Ukraine, only 21.8% would vote for Zelensky, while for the country's ex-president Petro Poroshenko - 14.5%.
At the same time, only 19.3% of all respondents expressed support for the president.
Shower system KAISER Sena (74182)
The KAISER Sena shower system (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in work, this is also confirmed by numerous customer reviews on third-party Internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also receive a guarantee from our side on the quality and performance of the product.
We deliver by transport companies throughout Russia and to any region.
If you find any defects, we will return the full price paid by you without any problems.
When you call the operator, you can get a personal discount on this product.
When buying, please leave a review about the use.
Thanks to the author for the story about the great sportswoman, I did not know that Elena Shushunova died, it is very sad to learn this.
I remember how I supported her at the Olympics in Seoul, for us, residents of Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, real time.
Such passions, emotions went off scale, I remember the joy when Elena won.
They also rejoiced at other victories, as they supported Salnikov, football players, and all Soviet athletes at that time.
On TV, I once saw a documentary about a Central American country, and there watermelons were rolled up the ladder on board the ship like barrels.
The watermelons were monstrous in size.
I myself worked many times in my youth on cleaning and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and did not meet watermelons weighing more than pood.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from the bakhchi and not before the beginning of August.
Balconette bra with soft lace cups (size: 90E, color beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, article: 12008).
Balconette bra with soft lace cups, on frames.
The bottom part of the cup is reinforced with an inelastic transparent fabric.
The side inner part of the cup, in the area of the straps, is reinforced with an inelastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of the lace can be appreciated thanks to the festoon along the décolleté and under the chest.
Vertical bones on the side panels of single-layer microfiber do not allow the fabric to twist on large sizes.
I really did not like the article, evil, poisonous.
Walked through people about whom you know nothing.
But now many people like it, to lay out people on atoms.
I hope that the commentators with honor and decency all the way and they are experts in everything.
In Moscow in the evening you will think 100 times whether to go alone to the store, migrants everywhere, their crowds.
They consider themselves masters.
Are you serious about child benefits and pensions?
Benefits are penny and pay them up to a maximum of 3 years, pensions 12000, someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetics have long been paid and very expensive.
People are like from another planet.
It's bad in France, but we're fine?
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact texture, comfortable elasticity and rigidity, wear resistance and durability properties.
The product of the brand "Butison" from the series "Sens" is intended for the healthy sleep of people suffering from diseases of the joints and vascular system.
The design provides a uniform distribution of the load on the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The basis of the mattress Butison Sens Hard S600 mini Sint XL independent spring block S600 mini with reduced spring height.
Beautyson uses spunbond, coconut coir and polyurethane foam as internal fillers.
Spunbond serves as an intermediate insulating layer between soft materials and springs.
Orthopedic foam with coal impregnation is decorated on the surface of a figured sharp, which provides a micromassage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high characteristics of moisture exchange and breathability.
The outer mattress case is made of dense jacquard with synthetic fibers.
The material is durable and durable, does not wear out and does not require complex care.
The poet arrested for the action on Red Square: "For the quote of Yevtushenko, 10 days are given, here it is, the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was arrested for ten days.
A student of the Higher School of Economics was detained on Red Square with a poster on which was written the hashtag #poet of Russia.
This quote belongs to the writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up against Alexander under an administrative article on repeated violation of the procedure for holding a public action.
The first time he was detained on January 23 on Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
"The goal was to draw attention to poetry in general, now the interest in it, unfortunately, is lost, to the decline of the common culture in Russia and also a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag," explains Alexander.
We contacted the young poet to find out the circumstances of the detention and reveal the message of his message in more detail.
How did the police treat you during the arrest this time and earlier?
What did the department ask, how did they comment on your action?
This time, the employees were more correct, the detention was maximum, polite, no matter how ridiculous it sounded in some context of the word.
On Pushkinskaya riot policemen took and took hard.
They asked standardly about the motives.
When they heard, in principle, they looked if not approvingly, then understandingly.
With the exception of the monkey being blown on all 4 sides, everything was extremely correct, but I knew what I was going for.
And if after the action, at least a few people begin to write their poems under this hashtag, I will not spend these 10 days in vain.
Maxim, according to the protocol, speak alone at least in the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
And at public and official events, they speak the language of others, so that everyone can understand what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through an interpreter.
This is a protocol and nothing more, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks excellent Russian and yet resorts to the help of an interpreter.
And at official events, the transcript is kept in the old-fashioned way with a pen, and the stenographer is not obliged to know several languages.
You don't want many words, so say no!
And then so much water.
Well, to go as a tourist for six months "to the Andes, then to Nepal."
Before that, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And gradually sell these shares by opening an account in any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but less dependent on the US currency, such as Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce with America.
However, this is not all that keeps Americans in the US.
They are confident that the US is better than anywhere else.
They are so grown.
Hansgrohe Quattro mechanism for three outputs (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: concealed mounting mechanism; purpose: for mixer, bath, shower; built-in systems: yes; type of installation: built-in (in the wall); body material: brass; concealed mounting mechanism: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's article: 15930180; barcode: 4011097345239.
Additional information: a head regulator is required; set of delivery: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; possible simultaneous inclusion of 2 consumers (showers); suitable for all sets of the outer part of the Quattro; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers told how potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and trace elements that help improve blood circulation and reduce cholesterol.
The root contains B vitamins, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acid.
All these elements help the body's systems to function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Due to the high content of fiber, it is useful for the gastrointestinal tract, and with regular use can also help in the prevention of hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, it is better to stew or cook the root, rather than fry in oil.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes can be dangerous for diabetics, like other foods with a high glycemic index.
These are carbohydrate-containing foods that quickly break down into sugars, such as sugar, sweet soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the Kommersant newspaper warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a reduction in their production in private farms and an increase in processing capacity.
According to market participants, the shortage of products at the moment can only replace imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from the issue of Yandex
Candidates for departure
In 2015, rights holders from the RAEC/Media cluster compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate sites on Runet and most of them ceased to exist, says Karen Kazaryan, general director of the Internet Research Institute.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive thanks to, among other things, regular change of domain name, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can see pirated copies of the Netflix series "The Squid Game" and "Tenderness" directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of Russia's largest video service ivi (included in AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in search engines, you can see the animated novelty "Encanto," but judging by the quality of the video, this is the so-called screen (a pirated copy of the film shot in a cinema).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the series "Univer. 10 years later" of the TNT channel (part of Gazprom-media) is available.
Svetlana M., sorry, of course, but I would not care whether my son is offended by his mother or not.
If we have some neponyatka going on, it is better not to meet at all, the estimate is on its way.
It is good, of course, that this happens rarely.
Bra with soft cups without frames and front clasp coffee 135I GI1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced from the inside with crossed elastic bands made of cotton and lycra.
The bra is made of microfiber combined with a mesh fabric for breathability.
Cups with dubbing made of cotton fabric for a comfortable fit.
Unique Magiclift design (crisscrossing under the chest and along the décolleté supporting inserts) for lifting, separating and supporting the breast.
Wide comfortable straps on the lining with micro-pillar are adjustable at the back.
Lyudmila, China now has advanced space technology.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
"This idea developed by the Poles" - it would be more accurate to say that Poland only reworked the idea of 1776 for itself, but developed it quite effectively.
Actually, the slogan "Outskirts are not Russia" appeared in 1848.
That, in general, does not really change the essence.
I watched her interview, the girl said that the biggest dream is that her wings grow, her father constantly pulls her.
Well, as if all this is very doubtful.
Well, I entered the university, and what's next?
Wall lamp Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
A wide circle, framed by "molecules" of light, provides the most uniform and bright illumination of space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose its relevance and allows you to place accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such luminaires is the weightlessness of the design.
Due to the thin, almost invisible cables, which are adjustable in height, the feeling is created that the chandelier is floating in the air.
Metallic gold reinforcement and matt-white miniature plafonds will easily complement any palette, and the hanging chandelier and sconces presented in the collection will become a ready-made ensemble for lighting the living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, the taste and color, as they say.
I really liked Tarhun, not the current one, of course.
Very tasty juices were poured from high glass cylinders.
Three servings of syrup - brute force, to my taste.
Two were just right.
Mattress Dimax Micro Ultimate, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient in that it has two different softness surfaces of high rigidity and slightly more than average.
The composition of the product includes only high-quality and premium fillers that have proven themselves exclusively from the best side.
Springs: in the center of the model there is a block of independent springs "micropackage."
This means that there are 2000 spirals per bed, which work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives a unique point adjustment.
"Micropackage" is the highest frequency of all the variety of spring blocks "Dimax," therefore it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillers: combinations of coir and natural latex layers are installed on top and bottom of the springs.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface has latex, then the other has coconut coir.
Such a tandem of fillers has long carried the status of a classic, since it gives the mattress not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties.
If the coir provides the correct support for the back, then latex gives the surface adaptation to the human body.
Case: The model comes in a quilted knitted Aloe Vera case.
At the request of the client, it can be made both removable and stationary.
The total height of the product is 27 cm, the recommended load on the bed is 170 kg.
Guarantee and safety: The warranty period is 3 years.
The mattress has received all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its complete safety and reliability in operation.
Orthopedic foam, which is used in the mattress, has a certificate CertiPUR.
Estonian scientists will search for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in cooperation with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, the Current Camera reported on Sunday.
The goal of the missions starting in five years is to assess the habitability of the clouds of Venus, and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists proposed tools for measuring the acidity and oxygen content in the clouds of Venus.
Until now, it has been assumed that the clouds of Venus, the planet closest to Earth, are too acidic for life to exist there, but it is likely that Venus was originally a terrestrial planet.
During the third mission, a sample from Venus should arrive.
Suppose that if we find life there, the main question will be whether it is similar to the earthly or different.
If it is very similar, it will be obvious that earthly life did not begin on Earth.
If it is different, then it may be more likely that life originated on Earth, "said Mihkel Pajusalu, head of the Estonian team of the Venus Life Finder project.
A hat, not a phone...
Half a year to him, and the whole price...
Tired of this Chinese nonsense...
They can't make a quality phone...
Though take it, my samsung has already experienced three such (friends have already thrown them out) and will still survive!
Metauniverses will change Russian business
The topic of metauniverses became popular this fall, when Mark Zuckerberg announced the transformation of Facebook into Meta.
This event was an important signal for the market: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
This means that business in Russia, as well as around the world, will invest in the creation of its own metauniverses and their subsequent monetization.
Metauniverses should be considered as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, the trend to create remote interactions in a pandemic, because people are tired of separation and restrictions.
On the other hand, it is a consequence of the desire of business to develop ecosystems and adapt operating models for them.
With the third - they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, when any rights, securities, works of art and even money are transferred to digital format.
Anya, you are right, changing the diet is a conscious process.
When you start eating right, you don't want something too fat and harmful.
Of course, we will have a traditional Olivier and herring under a fur coat for the holiday, but no one makes me eat everything at once.
You can eat a spoon, try - and enough.
After all, there are really ten days off ahead, you can prepare any tasty and healthy dishes.
And how much hellish work, time, money it took on trainings.
And after completing 5 quarter jumps, she was left without gold.
And she also understands that 4 years before the next Olympiad she will not survive, i.e. she will never be an Olympic champion.
And the one who did not just play sports or can not imagine all the circles of hell that she went through, DO NOT LEAVE WITH CONCLUSION.
The British economist could not give a forecast for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill could not give a forecast for 2022, because, in his opinion, such attempts would fail.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that the next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change the turnover.
The most important factor remains the coronavirus pandemic, and inflation is in second place, he believes.
O'Neill also admitted that he does not know whether the increase in prices for goods is temporary or not.
As the expert pointed out, even before the pandemic, it was clear that "the world of endless generosity of central banks had already outlived itself" and it was time to return to relations where interest rates, taking into account inflation, would correlate with the expected GDP growth rate.
O'Neill noted that against the backdrop of the pandemic, the continuation of ultra-soft economic policy may, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as the increase in poverty and climate change, O'Neill concluded.
Earlier, the head of the global research department of Opening Investments, Mikhail Shulgin, said that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate for 2022 remain, while the growth potential will be less significant.
Among the risks to the dollar exchange rate, Shulgin named the Fed's monetary policy, the dynamics of oil prices and concerns against the backdrop of the coronavirus pandemic.
Forced to agree.
But one thing pleases: if you compare yourself with yourself, then five years ago there were fewer containers.
Now it is better.
There is progress, only sluggish.
There is another problem: there are many environmental initiatives in cities, but people do not know about them.
All sorts of eco-taxi that take waste from home.
Yes, it is banal to receive recyclable materials - it is used by marginals.
Rarely does anyone bring glass and metal there.
Well, the author...
Sausages "with koshatina" in Soviet factories?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well, yes, they are not tasty enough compared to Doshirak, I understand...
And now I would have wrapped up Soviet sweets with white filling.
There are no more.
Do not release "Pilot," and "Daisy" is not the same...
EVA car mats (diamond) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
EVA car mats are made of high-quality material of Russian production.
The surface of the mats consists of cells in the form of diamonds.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
Mats do not absorb and do not let moisture in.
All dirt is evenly distributed in the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material from which the mats are made is elastic, wear-resistant, odorless.
It retains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 °C.
The mats are unpretentious in operation and are suitable for year-round use.
EVA car mats cover the regular carpet as much as possible, closing the rest area of the left leg.
The back row tunnel is covered with a mat.
The edging is made of a heavy-duty car sling.
Mattress Dimax Practitioner Basis Plus B13 180x220 cm
Springless mattress Dimax (Dimax) Practitioner Basis Plus in13 consists of a single type of filler.
This is a 13 cm high artificial latex plate.
Due to the characteristics of the material, the mattress has a symmetrical average stiffness of the sides.
The product is covered with a jacquard cover with a quilt on a comfortable layer, removable or non-removable type to choose from.
PUR UV is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PUR) are characteristics similar to the natural analogue, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is elastic and elastic, but, unlike natural material, has greater rigidity.
It forms an anatomical surface of the mattress with high-quality support, which ensures a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
Quality mattress, not afraid of temperature changes.
Anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for arranging a bed in the country or in a country house.
Among its advantages are also universal medium stiffness and a maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2 trillion 784 billion rubles on the purchase of new cars, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to statistics from the Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI) agency.
To understand the scale, approximately the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
Last September, at a meeting of the heads of countries of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, President Vladimir Putin said that this amount is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
The Korean brand Kia is the leader in terms of revenues in the Russian market.
For 10 months of this year, it managed to sell cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than a year earlier.
The related Kia brand Hyundai has an even more significant growth - more than 35%, and the revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
In the leading positions, this brand and the increase in the weighted average price of the car - for the year at Hyundai, it grew by almost 21%, to 1.94 million rubles - only Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz had stronger price growth dynamics.
At the same time, the sales volumes of Korean brands grew not so significantly: according to the statistics of the Committee of Automobile Manufacturers of the Association of European Businesses in Russia, in quantitative terms, Kia sold 9.4% more cars in the same period than a year earlier.
Hyundai - by almost 12%.
The Japanese Toyota closes the top three in terms of sales in monetary terms - Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months, which is 14% more than a year earlier.
The Japanese are followed by Mercedes-Benz with an indicator of 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand has increased both sales (by 37%) and the weighted average price of the car (by almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
"At the same time, Mercedes-Benz has a good growth in sales and a weighted average price - more, for example, than BMW - hence the greater growth in financial capacity," explained the general director of NAPI Tatyana Arabadzhi.
In terms of sales growth, Chinese brands show fantastic performance, which also significantly increased their financial capacity this year. "
In terms of the dynamics of revenue growth, the Russian Lada shows average market indicators (plus 28%), Russians spent 229.4 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months.
At the level of last year in terms of financial capacity are companies whose car sales in pieces fell in 2021: in particular, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ is in the red - in 10 months, Russians spent 12 billion rubles on SUVs and pickups of this brand, compared to 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the background of problems with the supply of automotive components and production disruptions that have engulfed the entire global automotive industry, car companies continue to continuously adjust prices - the same AvtoVAZ increased the cost of Lada models seven times a year, the last price increase (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Other car manufacturers regularly rewrite price tags for their products.
The volume of the Russian car market in monetary terms will continue to increase - in addition to the shortage of cars, inflation makes its contribution to this, as well as the desire of automakers to win back past losses, experts say.
In the conditions of a shortage of cars, I think that many automakers were even able to partially pass on to the consumer the costs of past periods, which they could not include in the price of cars earlier,
says VTB Capital's automotive industry analyst Vladimir Bespalov.
I believe that in financial terms, automakers are doing very well now, maintaining high sales margins. "
An indirect indicator of this is the rate of growth in the cost of cars, which is observed during 2021, prices for new cars are growing faster than inflation, the expert clarifies.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantitative terms and in monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the complexity of the design of the machines themselves, Bespalov predicts.
As supply increases, opportunities for price increases will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow in the coming year, even if the growth in the cost of cars slows down, automakers will be able to get their income from volumes, notes independent consultant on the automotive industry Sergey Burgazliev.
Given the increased demand and insufficient supply, now automakers are trying to get the greatest profit from each car sold, notes Burgazliev.
An increase in the production of cars is not expected at least in the next six months, while in Russia the excitement is also fueled by the uncertainty of citizens in the future.
Against the background of the current situation on the market, cars turned out to be a good object for investment - a car purchased a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold more expensive than the original cost, the expert states.
Biden spoke about the transfer of the US military to Ukraine in case of Russia's invasion
The US leadership has never considered sending US military to Ukraine in case of Russia's "invasion."
This statement was made by US President Joe Biden.
"There have never been such plans," said the head of the White House, answering a journalist's question about whether the United States has abandoned such an idea.
Biden noted that in the event of an escalation of the situation around Ukraine, Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he stressed that the United States and NATO have no obligations to use military force to protect Ukraine in the event of an escalation.
The American leader also said that the possibility of using American troops unilaterally for the defense of Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades the territory of Ukraine, the United States will transfer forces to Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Estonia).
"We will have to send more American and NATO troops to the eastern flank, the B9 - all those NATO countries to which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack from Russia," Biden said.
Earlier, the press secretary of the Russian President Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow has no intentions to invade the territory of Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees the problem in the combat use of drones supplied by Turkey by Kiev, as well as in the fact that "American weapons are approaching our territory."
Immediately I leave such interviews.
If already at the interview they want to make me listen to screams, wait for hours, drink an incomprehensible burda and wash another cup - it's scary to imagine what will happen at work.
I will find myself a normal place, without an euchar layer, where you immediately talk to the head.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 cm
The medium-height springless mattress Promtex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 is made of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium-hard, the second is moderately hard.
The elegant white jacquard cover is quilted on a sintepon and is complemented by a zipper around the perimeter.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Thin plates of coconut coir are laid between the latex plates.
The layered structure of the mattress is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to loads.
Natural latex is a dense, elastic, breathable material.
The filler keeps the shape and quickly recovers after loads.
Coir enhances the strength of the product, by nature has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows you to create a load-resistant orthopedic bed that will serve customers for many years.
Versatility and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body type and age.
The medium-hard surface is universal with a balanced combination of orthopedics and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately rigid bed is more relevant for those who need to "unload" the back and a healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for both one person and a couple.
The latter will especially appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of a "wave" effect, when fluctuations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite, disturbing a person in a dream.
Table easel "Studio" 20 * 24 * 54 * 65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Table easel "Studio" with height-adjustable upper holder.
Suitable for small size canvases.
The material is natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient to work for both beginners and professional artists.
Smooth adjustment of the angle of inclination.
Equipped with a shelf-support for canvases and tablets.
The upper holder securely fixes the canvas.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, the maximum size of the canvas is 40 cm.
If a fraudster calls from such a number, like an "employee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs" or another law enforcement agency, then it is ineffective to immediately dump, and most likely not to have time to blacklist.
Because to confirm his lies about his involvement in the power structures, he quickly repeats the challenge and continues to frighten and persuade.
More useful recommendations for the people are needed.
That's such nonsense...
I do not believe that it was so.
They do not know what to come up with, whom to accuse.
They reached the Queen.
And most importantly, in their opinion, everyone is to blame, except the most...
And it would not be easier to leave people alone from coercion, of course, if ours care about their people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear...
As in Japan... before the elections, the influence weakened and infections became less...
Felting wool set "Assorted No. 2" 100% merino, wool 4x10 g.
Felting wool as a craft originated eight thousand years ago, only for this occupation it was very difficult to find animal wool, and even more so colored.
But now voila!
We present semi-fine natural wool for felting from a Russian manufacturer, for which you do not need to run through the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of wool for felting allow you to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a pretty toy for yourself or your baby, creative applications, jewelry, interior decorations, and even clothing and accessories.
Imagine a pair of "dumped" fluffy sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace that will look great with a new dress, or unique homemade slippers that no one will have...
Make your ideas come true by "rolling" this wonderful wool!
Maria Kartashova, what does it mean "in response to this"?
I do not voice my thoughts, I curse you all mentally.
Mentally I cut off the heads of everyone who did not give way to me, mentally I send them to the ditch and burn all the cars that interfere with my passage, mentally everything!
And apparently I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas II, did not sign a single death sentence during his reign.
Even to such boundless people as Koba and his brigade.
And Bloody Sunday is already an invention of the Bolsheviks.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
Mattress, hard on both sides.
Natural material latex coconut coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary rigidity and elasticity to the mattress.
The independent spring block TFK (512 springs per bed) will give unique comfort and proper support to the spine during sleep.
Cover made of cotton jacquard, quilted on 200 g.
hallcone gives protection and comfort.
Maximum load per bed: 130 kg.
My horse.
Pony house with accessories, in the display 6 pcs.
A charming pony horse lives in a cozy folding pink house.
If you open her house, then you can install a kitchen inside one of its halves, and a table on the other half, placing treats for guests on it.
The pony has large beautiful eyes, its mane and tail can be brushed.
The set includes: a 9 cm pony, a comb, a house (2 halves), a built-in table (2 parts), a kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), a cake with a heart (2 parts), a bottle of juice, 2 glasses, a kettle, a cup and a saucer.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
Alternating layers of latex and hard coconut coir give the effect of improved body support.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress can easily withstand a load of up to 170 kg per bed.
At the same time, there is no wave effect: the spouses lying next to each other do not roll to each other regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials from which the model is made have passed a thorough quality control.
They are ventilated, do not damp, do not absorb odors.
Thanks to full air circulation, a unique microclimate is created that promotes healthy rest.
High-strength thermal glue is used to fasten the parts.
The film of the student Alexander Sokurov received the European Oscar for the best editing
The Oscar-nominated Russian film "Opening Fists" received the award of the European Film Academy (it is also called the "European Oscar") in the nomination "Best Editing," reports "Moskovsky Komsomolets."
The jury of the competition, which voted online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, appreciated the outstanding skill of the filmmakers.
The maximum number of awards received this time the film by Jasmila Zbanic (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Aida?"
The main character of the film is an interpreter at the UN mission, who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Opening Fists," directed by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film tells about the complex relationship of a domineering father and those who want to free themselves from paternal care of growing children in North Ossetia.
Earlier it was announced that this film was nominated for the Oscar as the best film shot in a foreign language.
As the regular friendly meetings of the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, Turkey show, in my opinion, you are, to put it mildly, not in the subject.
Just yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of a joint Azerbaijani-Russian enterprise KamAZ.
From my point of view, the literature program was formed by the ladies of the Balzac age based on their interests.
From Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those same ladies of Balzac's age.
And the psychology and torment of the heroines of Tolstoy and Turgenev are not so interesting for teenagers.
Teenagers are rarely interested in the psychology of heroes.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were plush to represent a certain variety?
There are roses of this color and with such a structure of the petal, reminiscent of velvet, as a rule, dark red, burgundy tones.
And light roses look different, the petals have just a satin or silky sheen.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are kind of colorblind.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas are NOT allowed to make eye contact - in some safari parks, visitors are given goggles with painted eyes that look to the side.
Bees still rely on scent...
Mattress Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195.
Model "Micropackage Prestige": comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different hardness of the sides: the medium-hard surface is formed by latex coconut fiber and natural latex, the moderately soft surface is formed by a natural latex slab.
The spring unit with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the sleeper's body, preventing the appearance of the "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Among the advantages of the model, it is necessary to highlight breathable materials.
The latex, perforated for breathability, ventilates naturally, just like coconut coir.
Thanks to this, a healthy microclimate of the bed is maintained.
The mattress also comes with an extended warranty.
The term of the official warranty from the manufacturer is 5 years, in fact, the life of the mattress is longer.
Protection against dust and dirt is entrusted to a removable jacquard cover supplied in the kit.
Get an orthopedic pillow in pair with the mattress - it is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of the sides - coconut serves as an anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Turn on your brain and drive such relatives away!
It's better to have none than these...
Either look for a third-party driver, or someone who is willing to invest and work with you at a fraction.
If it does not work out, then sell the car, albeit at a loss, do not regret it.
Think better next time...
Andrei, you were clearly explained that pensioners work in schools, they will not work on the command line.
The teacher of computer science will not be able to help either, he was not taught this, the shkolota plays games in Windows.
So no support.
With horror I remember these feasts and guests in the house of my parents.
The guests are on the doorstep, and the cutlets are still being fried on the stove, the disheveled mother is cleaning the floor.
Lord, yes, I sat down at the table already exhausted.
And then wash the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday you drag food, two days of cooking, a day of cleaning after.
What about the guests?
They are good, and a cake is always with you.
Since then, I do not like holidays, guests.
Even for my family I set the table at the minimum.
And I cook delicious treats for them, I bake very often just like that.
Germany: Fourth Coronavirus Shot Imminent
A fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or fall of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be final, but will continue with renewed vigor.
Despite an active vaccination campaign in Germany, no two or three doses of the coronavirus vaccine are likely to be enough for complete protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners, Ulrich Weigeldt, is convinced of this.
On Saturday, December 11, according to Die Welt.
"We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the fall," the expert said.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth coronavirus vaccination can be carried out "in combination with the flu vaccine."
This will help you get the best results.
In addition, increased vaccination may help in the fight against the spread of a new strain of coronavirus "Omicron".
Moreover, the new version is especially dangerous.
Thus, the probability of re-infection with "Omicron" is three times higher than that of Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Based on this, BioNTech/Pfizer manufacturers plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
The companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new variant of the Omicron coronavirus.
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that at two doses of the vaccine, the effectiveness is significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
"This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against challenge with the omicron strain," BioNTech and Pfizer said.
Therefore, a third dose is needed.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, the chairman of the German Society for Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, is in favor of shortening the interval between the second and third vaccinations.
Moreover, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of the coronavirus.
"The experience of Israel shows this very convincingly," the expert emphasized.
Wobbler Pontoon21, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibs in that it was originally created with ice fishing in mind, and not just cast fishing.
These vibes have a larger specific gravity than their counterparts close in size, which undoubtedly has a positive effect on the nuances of using these interesting lures.
Another recognizable feature is the upper fin made of durable and resilient plastic, which creates additional shades of vibration during vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a "winter vibe", the Bet-A-Vib shows quite an aggressive game in plumb fishing.
Often the most catchy is a simple monotonous animation, that is, moving the rod up and down with almost no pauses.
When planning, the deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient when fishing in a limited space littered with underwater vegetation, snags and other obstacles for which a hook is possible.
In addition, a slight deviation is relevant when catching zander and large perch in winter, and especially in the middle of winter, when pinpoint and aggressive bait feeding is required.
Having reached the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly turns around and returns to the original vertical.
The Bet-A-Vib is equally successful in winter fishing for pond trout.
To cater to her whims, you can choose from two modifications: with a noise capsule (NS - NanoSound) or without it (SL - Silent).
It has also been noted that Bet-A-Vib is able to irritate a passive pike, which does not even react to live bait, by playing in a plumb line.
When cast, the Bet-A-Vib demonstrates range and accuracy.
This wobbler is understandable and not capricious, goes well with fishing line and braided cords of even large diameters.
For throwing pike, pike perch, ruff or perch, in addition to uniform, the "step" is also relevant, sometimes with "striking" along the bottom.
If you are fishing in tight places, you can change the front tee to a double, which will reduce the likelihood of hooks.
Among the lures of its class, Bet-A-Vib is among the most stable in operation and, as a result, one of the most catchy.
With the same success it can be used both in relatively shallow and in fairly deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young idlers sit on the neck of old parents.
"Golden youth" - obviously lazy people for the most part, who do not know how and do not know.
A well-fed life is conducive to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin meant this large part of the population.
You are right, you are joking.
I have never seen shoes in this store that I would like to buy.
What perennial sock are you talking about?
This shoe is made from leatherette.
Well, if one season survives.
Zenden is on par with Kari.
Go in a couple of times, look and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
Libya announces 7,000 Russian mercenaries
There are more than 7,000 mercenaries of the Wagner private military company (PMC) in Libya.
This was announced on Sunday, December 12, by the chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Republic, Khaled al-Mishri.
"Currently, there are more than 7,000 Wagner PMC mercenaries in Libya.
They also have planes.
They are also digging trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jets at the Gardabiya airbase (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," Anadolu quoted him as saying.
Khaled al-Mishri also pointed out that Russian mercenaries are "trying to capture" the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean, after "bringing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Maintain presence
According to the interlocutor of the publication, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "located in Libya."
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using an air base and port in Sirte, as well as an air base in Jufra, the agency notes.
The Russian authorities officially deny that the Wagner PMC enjoys the support of the Kremlin.
Where else can there be mercenaries
According to the agency, "Wagner" presumably operates in nine African countries - Central African Republic, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training for local forces, personal protection of leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses to use minerals and natural resources, as well as to supply weapons, technology and military services to these countries.
According to the media, the "Wagnerites" allegedly fought in the Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the Central African Republic.
This group is not listed either in law enforcement agencies or in the register of legal entities, and its fighters are not in the formal lists of personnel.
This company is under US sanctions.
Recall that earlier the permanent representatives of 27 EU countries approved restrictions against Wagner.
The Council of the European Union is expected to approve this decision on December 13.
The situation in Libya
The Supreme State Council of Libya is de facto the second chamber of parliament with advisory functions with the dominant Islamists in it, writes TASS.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of the single voting day for the election of deputies of parliament and the head of state from December 24 to at least February 2022.
"There are less than two weeks left before the elections, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing," the material says.
Against this background, the Libyan High Electoral Commission has postponed indefinitely the announcement of the final list of candidates, Sky News Arabia reports.
Foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in the country's foreign policy, 29% believe that failures prevail.
“Examples of success are “they defended in Syria, restored peace there”, “the decision on Nord Stream 2”, “the whole world was intimidated that it was a cool weapon”, “We squeezed Crimea”.
The main failures are "conflict with Ukraine", "confrontation with Western countries", "isolation from the world," according to a study by the Public Opinion Foundation.
The Dubai government has completely abandoned paper-based office work - all public services have also become only digital
The Government of Dubai announced the complete rejection of paper-based office work and the transition to digital technologies.
All public services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the UAE news agency WAM.
"Today marked the beginning of a new phase of digitalization in all aspects of Dubai life - we have completed the transition to a completely paperless government," Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of the emirate, Chairman of the Executive Council of Dubai, said on Saturday.
From now on, internal and external document flow in all state institutions of Dubai will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all sectors without exception: healthcare, housing and communal services, police, municipal authorities, courts, etc. Many commercial structures also joined the government's initiative.
The transition to e-government and digitalization of workflow began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, as the authorities calculated, 336 million paper sheets were saved, which is 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in monetary terms.
Earlier, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about the dates of birth and how old the child is, this is already insanity, about the class and group in the kindergarten too.
Well, I do not believe that such bunglers exist.
And if they do, they obviously don't care about anything, including the family.
My mother lived, her two brothers and grandfather and grandmother on 3 Vladimirskaya, there was a 1st floor without bars.
First they knocked on the door, then on the window, then they decided not to stand on ceremony, they broke the window and climbed in, but the grandfather had a baseball bat, which they received.
These people knew for sure that there was someone at home...
Turkish car production and exports fall below 2020 levels
Turkey's car production and exports fell sharply in November as the lira depreciated.
As a result, the industry's performance for 11 months turned out to be worse than last year's result, Bloomberg reports, citing data from the Turkish Automobile Manufacturers Association.
According to the association, 115,000 cars were produced in Turkey in November, which is 20% less than a year earlier.
About 75.9 thousand cars were sent for export, which is more than 25% less than last year's figure.
And if, according to the results of the first 10 months of this year, the Turkish automotive sector showed positive dynamics compared to last year, then according to the results of 11 months of 2021, the production of cars was already 0.3% worse than last year's figure.
The reason for this fall was the sharp depreciation of the Turkish lira, which fell 29% against the dollar in November.
This led to a drop in economic activity in all industries.
More than 500 SMEs received deferred loan payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov spoke about the situation with the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, Kazinform correspondent reports.
"According to the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for the regulation and development of the financial market, this year, in pursuance of the order of the Head of State dated April 1, 2021, the order of the Chairman of the Agency dated April 9, 2021 No. business," Alikhan Smailov wrote in his response to a deputy's request.
He recalled that the procedure for granting deferred payments on loans provided for the provision by banks and organizations engaged in microfinance activities of deferred payments on loans issued before April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including individual entrepreneurs, in the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The grace period ranged from 30 to 90 days at the choice of the SME subject.
The borrower's application could have specified a different term for deferred payments.
During the grace period, claims and lawsuits, notification of the need to pay off overdue debts, as well as the collection of commissions and other payments by the creditor were suspended in relation to the borrower," the Deputy Prime Minister noted.
In 2021, second-tier banks received applications to defer payments on loans from 603 SME borrowers, of which 553 SMEs received a deferment in the amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
131 SMEs submitted applications for deferment to MFIs, of which 95 entities were granted deferment in the amount of 105.8 million tenge," A. Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with weak immunity can easily tolerate the Okmiron strain
The doctor suggested that people with a weakened immune system can tolerate it more easily than those with a strong protective reaction of the body.
Pulmonologist Sergei Puryasev explained why the Okmiron strain of coronavirus could be dangerous.
The reason is to be sought in the conditions of the origin of the virus.
Scientists believe that "okmiron" originated in the body of an HIV-infected or immunocompromised person.
That is, when mutating, he did not meet any resistance from immunity.
This makes him more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no response from the immune system, it became very fast.
Apparently, he has these spike proteins, spikes, maybe more than expected, their antibodies were not cut during mutations, - comments pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor suggested that people with a weakened immune system can tolerate "okmiron" more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body.
It turns out that a strong response of the body to anything, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
This is what happens with pneumococcal infections, when 30-year-old young people die, and 60-year-old old people endure it in the form of a sneeze.
The immune response is frantic in the young, it is completely inadequate: where it was only possible to wag a finger, it hits sparrows like a cannon, Sergey Puryasev concluded.
The doctor also reminded that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Inflammation of the lungs can be bacterial or viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case it is often possible to stop only the symptoms - all hope for the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the onset of intoxication of the body - this is temperature, weakness, and malaise.
Then come respiratory symptoms: shortness of breath, sore throat, cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain may also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, in Russia, by the end of the year, the younger generation from 12 to 18 years old may begin to be vaccinated.
Virologist, head of the MIPT genomic engineering laboratory Pavel Volchkov noted that this category is very actively affected by covid.
Adolescents who go to school have the maximum number of contacts.
This is the most socially active layer, as well as kindergarten students, - Pavel Volchkov, virologist, head of the MIPT genome engineering laboratory, told Moscow 24.
Many thanks to the author for this article.
Happy to bring back memories...
Teath-in.
In those distant seventies and eighties, not a single dance floor could do without the melodies of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, they arranged dances to their music.
Immunologists hypothesize why obese people become victims of covid
The authors of the work studied the adipose tissue left over from bariatric surgery and found that fat cells, known as adipocytes, can become infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected, and showed a strong inflammatory response.
Scientists also examined the adipose tissue of patients who died from covid and found coronavirus particles in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can hide in adipose tissue, using it as a reservoir, in an attempt to avoid the response of the immune system.
Probably, SARS-CoV-2 is also capable of this.
The biologist told about the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin named the causes of dementia and talked about ways to prevent it in an interview with Sputnik radio.
According to WHO, more than 55 million people suffer from this disease.
The syndrome is manifested by a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, a person finds it difficult to navigate even in a familiar environment.
Golosheikin noted that neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, certain infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins most often lead to dementia.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
These include hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level, the role of such factors as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity is possible," he said.
The development of dementia is also affected by addictions - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disturbances and a sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
"There is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence," the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the required level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Formerly Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics of the Federal State Autonomous Educational Institution of Higher Education of the Russian National Research Medical University.
N.I. Pirogova, Head of the Department of Cognitive Impairments of the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnologies Anna Bogolepova spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt returned about 30 thousand artifacts illegally exported from the country
Over the past 10 years, the government of Cairo has managed to return to their homeland about 30 thousand artifacts that were illegally smuggled out of the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, on the air of the Al-Hayat TV channel by the chief inspector of the Department of Returned Antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt, Shaaban Abdel Gauad.
Since 2011, the Egyptian state has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, 5,300 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered at the Museum of the Bible in Washington," he said.
Abdel Gauad specified that all artifacts smuggled out were registered in the archives.
Now the department's staff is working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts "monitor auctions around the world and sales on the Internet" through foreign and Egyptian sites, as well as social networks.
The chief inspector said that upon his return, the cultural property is restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was an ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of the exposition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities turned to Interpol with a request to help find a bust of Pharaoh Tutankhamun sold at an auction in London.
The auction house Christie's held an auction on July 4, at which the over 3,000-year-old bust was sold for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the art object was illegally taken from the Karnak Temple in Luxor in the 1970s.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted as the sun god Amun, was kept in a private collection and has not been put up for auction since 1985.
How the relic came to Europe is unknown.
In recent years, Egypt has been actively seeking the repatriation of antiquities illegally exported from the country at different times.
According to the authorities, 95% of smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological research by "black diggers".
"The Crimean Tatars are not taken into account" - and rightly so, since the Crimean Tatars (232 thousand) are an independent people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, then only 42 thousand people - so many Tatars (Kazan) live in the Crimea (see census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse requires its employees to give the bank access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The fact is that in Europe and the US, the Swiss bank does not issue corporate communication devices to its employees, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - a telecommunications operator.
Under the current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to resolve business issues with colleagues or customers.
The bank has the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used it to conduct a meeting with a client that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees have switched to a remote work mode, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that were used to solve work issues.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management has set a deadline by which employees can familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Officially, Credit Suisse does not comment on the information about the new requirement.
Mattress Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200.
In the center of the Vivre Dual royal mattress there is a high-quality and durable block of high independent springs TFK 18.
Natural coconut bedding layers add rigidity, zonal latex distributes the load better, latex with the addition of Aloe ensures the hygiene of the bed, and embossed foam relaxes.
Mattress of symmetrical medium hardness and high height (30 cm).
The product is delivered packed in a tight roll and is ready for use in a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable knitted fabric with stitching on the comfort layer.
The fabric of the cover does not wrinkle, does not stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the hardest for the poet's earthly existence and his "ego".
He is already out of any literary associations, spat with Imagism, he is in himself, but known, in demand, at times strongly scolded by critics, even angrily, but the reading public is ready to carry him in his arms.
During the year, more than 60 poems were written, many of them are real masterpieces, the cycle "Persian Motifs" was completed, the poem "Anna Snegina" was written, 8 books were published, the collection "Soviet Russia".
And the main success - at the end of June 25, the State Publishing House concluded an agreement with Yesenin for the publication of his works in 3 volumes.
None of the contemporary poets of Sergei Alexandrovich received such an honor, he was the first!
In addition, this promised very good money - according to the contract, the fee was 1000 rubles a month for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 300 rubles a month, the engineer - 200).
Funds were needed that year more than ever.
Yesenin married the granddaughter of Leo Tolstoy Sofya Tolstaya, it was necessary to equip the family life, support the sisters Katya and Sasha, as well as his mother.
It seems that life was getting better, there is something to rejoice, but for him everything is painted mainly in dark colors, as if a nightmare materialized from the poem "The Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after Yesenin's death):
My friend, my friend
I am very, very sick.
I don't know where this pain came from.
Is the wind whistling
Over an empty and deserted field,
Or, like a grove in September,
Showers brains with alcohol.
Many acquaintances noted that Yesenin had lost a lot, looked bad, and was clearly ill.
Increasingly repeated spree, nervous breakdowns.
And the reason is probably not only in alcoholism ...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was made to Sergei Alexandrovich by someone, there were no reliable documents left.
Let's say, relating to May 1923, when Yesenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, the American Isadora Duncan, improved his health in a clinic near Paris with Professor Pyotr Gannushkin (Yesenin would come to him again two years later, already in Moscow).
But there is plenty of evidence of the poet's binges, scandals on this basis, drives to the police - scattered over dozens of memoirs.
From the beginning of the 1920s, the poet's terrible romance with the green serpent developed rapidly.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Yesenin briefly settled with a friend, imagist Ivan Startsev.
Surprisingly, Yesenin, with his very good income, never had his own housing either in Moscow or in St. Petersburg, he was found in rented apartments, in hotels or with friends.
Startsev recalls:
“He only came to spend the night, and in most cases in a deranged, drunken state.
Once, returning at four in the morning, Yesenin fell on the landing ...
Falling, he scratched his face and wheezed.
Having come to his senses a little, he incessantly began to cough, splashing the whole sheet with blood ... "
Yes, and Yesenin himself, after a trip to Europe and the USA (there was prohibition in the States then, but Duncan took a decent supply of alcohol with her) admitted:
“I didn’t see anything there, except for taverns and streets ...
At the end, I stopped remembering people ...
Well, I drank, of course...
And I drank because longing gnawed.
Tire Pirelli (Pirelli) Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
Winter tires Pirelli Scorpion Winter based on a high-strength mixture of rubber and silica provides long-term efficient operation, uniform wear, and resistance to stress.
The linear tread pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter wheel, which forms ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance and directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water, dirt from the contact patch of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, suppress slipping and aquaplaning.
Shaped 3D siping enhances traction on slippery roads, on snow and ice.
Large checkers in the shoulder area increase the lateral grip of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire when maneuvering, increase traction, and reduce the braking distance.
Fine grooves and notches remove heat.
Mattress Promteks-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern version of a budget model in the premium line.
The basis of the mattress is a block of independent double springs Duet.
A softer, smaller spring is inserted inside the large spring.
This allows you to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
Both sides of the mattress are filled with artificial latex.
This is an analogue of natural latex, but it is denser and less expensive.
The flexibility and resilience of this material increases the comfort effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is perfect for a couple with a big difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the "smart" springs, there is no wave effect here when the light partner rolls to the side of the heavy one.
A pleasant, soft to the touch cover made of practical Sense jacquard is stitched with a layer of synthetic winterizer.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this mattress model in a twisted version (vacuum roll-packing).
Now my son is almost 16, and he has not been tormented by the desire to fool around for a long time.
All energy is directed to the choice of what he will earn his living.
He is much more responsible than I was at his age or my husband, who periodically had problems with the law until the very wedding.
A father takes care of his young daughter.
And he loves, as Lermontov wrote, "with a strange love."
Why did the girl burst into tears at the exam, when she had not failed it yet?
Why didn't he tell his daughter that this is not a school.
Well, she has a tail.
So what?
Retake.
Millions of students know this.
What is it all about?
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus is using migrants as a "weapon" against the EU
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as a "weapon"
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Pavel Yablonsky expressed the opinion that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as a "weapon" against the European Union and intends to return to such an "operation" next year.
The Deputy Foreign Minister made the corresponding statement in an interview with the Australian Financial Review.
According to Yablonsky, the sanctions against Belarus temporarily "stopped Lukashenka," but he "is actively looking for new ways."
The Polish official is also confident that now illegal migrants will be used as weapons "in many parts of the world."
As the site kp.ru wrote, earlier the European Union introduced the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It affected 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they announced their readiness to further expand restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve."
Minsk responded by imposing a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Cover for clothes 60×100 cm, spunbond, color blue.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, you need to properly care for them.
Proper storage will extend its service life and maintain an attractive appearance.
The cover for clothes will help us with this!
Advantages.
Using a cover for clothes, you save a lot of space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Neat appearance.
No more dresses, sweaters and skirts hanging out of order.
Neat covers allow you to sort clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people who use racks instead of a regular cabinet, this is the best option.
The cover reliably protects clothes from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
Does not allow clothes to change shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of creases.
Features of covers for clothes.
Special material will allow your clothes to "breathe".
With careful handling, the service life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The cover is "sealed" with a strong zipper.
Important to remember!
Pre-prepare things for storage for a long time: clean them, straighten the wrinkles.
Choose a cover of the optimal size: things should not bend from the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several voluminous things at once in one case: they can be wrinkled.
If you value order and tidiness, value your things, want to keep them and extend their service life, order a cover for clothes.
Browse the large catalog and choose the product of the color and size you need at a bargain price!
"Not for Senka's hat": when a velvet jacket makes a laughing stock of a man
Velvet jackets dominated social events in 2021.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashionable decision was Daniel Craig.
Back in September, at the premiere of No Time To Die, he appeared in a velvet crimson jacket and a traditional Bond bow tie.
His example was followed twice by Prince William, who first wore a green velvet jacket that was inconsistent with the royal dress code to The Earthshot Prize eco-award ceremony, and then chose a more classic version for an event in support of the Royal Variety Charitable Foundation.
A couple of weeks ago, Lionel Messiah also tried on the trend.
The footballer came to collect the seventh Ballon d'Or wearing a Dolce & Gabbana velvet jacket.
By the way, his sons were dressed in the same.
AliExpress already notes the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to the service's analysts, received by Gazeta.Ru, they began to be bought 1.4 times more often.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with lining and a fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, navy blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. At the same time, men prefer to buy exclusively jackets - they choose sets of velvet suits less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available at H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment, velvet jackets are presented this season in almost all brands - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most coveted model is considered to be Gucci, in which brand ambassador Jared Leto appeared at one of the premieres of the film "The House of Gucci".
Choosing jackets of expensive brands, you can be sure that the velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to a special technology of weaving threads, a dense fabric with a fleecy outer texture and a smooth inner side is obtained.
More budget options are made of cotton or polyamide, but, accordingly, they serve less.
Lamoda fashion expert Ilya Vakhoshkin warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the main thing is not its model or style, but relevance.
“Velvet requires evening light, so this jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a formal event,” Vakhoshkin explains. “It will also work if the invitation says the dress code is "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie."
Another important criterion, the observance of which allows you to make a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
“A man in a velvet jacket, first of all, must acquire the right advanced party with prosperity,” the authors of the Telegram channel about men’s fashion “Handsome Brammell” believe. “The owners of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the caste of those people who rarely buy tickets .
They are simply invited to timed social events, where a dress code is always indicated.
Ilya Vakhoshkin suggests combining a velvet jacket with the same elegant items: classic trousers with arrows, plain shirts, silk ties, loafers with tassels, cufflinks.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from "Handsome Brummell" are sure that the appearance of an ordinary employee in a velvet jacket at a corporate party would also be inappropriate, but if we are talking about "a leader from among those who run this event, then -" yes ", such a thing suits him" .
If the employee is a lower rank, and his goal is to move higher in the complex hierarchy of the company or to knock out financial bonuses, then it is better not to wear a velvet jacket.
The management will definitely evaluate this with the phrase "not according to Senka's hat," the editors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion believe.
Very ambiguous sensations from the voice.
This is an unnatural timbre, it pulls so laboredly.
And it is not at all associated with the sweet face of a young girl.
To be honest, I do not understand the admiration of others.
But with all my heart I wish you good luck in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is, paid.
Billion investment.
Are they sad?
No, the price of electricity has gone up.
Traditional energy is also not at a loss - and gas, and oil, and coal were bought cheaper than they are now selling.
Fuel is in high demand.
The penny is dripping.
And who then in flight?
As usual - an ordinary buyer.
Does the problem of the Indians touch the sheriff?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be considered idiots who "overslept" the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a good reward.
I did not see a single beautiful person in the pictures in the article.
Just mediocrity in terms of average passengers.
Perhaps, if such characters are so confident in their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole car, then they will not get hooked on such people, most likely.
But only because of the mental disorder and ignorance of such "beautiful (s)", but definitely not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, “a slave who is aware of his servile position and fights against it is a revolutionary.
A slave who is unaware of his slavery and vegetates in a silent, unconscious, and wordless slave life is simply a slave.
A slave who salivates when he smugly describes the charms of a slave life and admires a kind and good master is a serf, a boor.
The immunologist said that revaccination after 4-5 months will help protect against the strain of coronavirus "omicron"
Revaccination four to five months later may protect against the new Omicron strain of coronavirus infection.
Such a statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the vaccination six months later, given the emergence of a new strain, "a very long period"
“With previous strains, such a period was normal, but now it is best to carry out the procedure after five months, and for people with chronic diseases - after four,” the expert said, calling for revaccination in parallel with the vaccination campaign.
Kryuchkov also noted that early revaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
“If a person received two vaccinations and a booster, or he got sick and got vaccinated, or got vaccinated and got sick, then he got ‘hybrid immunity’, that is, there are a lot of antibodies and neutralizing enough,” the expert said.
G7 warns Russia of 'massive consequences' if Ukraine invades
The G7 countries (Great Britain, Germany, Italy, Canada, USA, France and Japan) issued a statement following the meeting of foreign ministers in Liverpool.
It emphasizes that Russia's "military aggression" against Ukraine "will have enormous consequences and cost dearly" to Moscow, but the document does not describe specific measures.
"We, the Foreign Ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military buildup and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine," the statement said.
The ministers go on to call on Russia to "de-escalate, use diplomatic channels and honor its international commitments to military transparency," as US President Biden spoke during a December 7 video call to Russian President Putin.
"We reaffirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk agreements in order to resolve the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the G7 foreign ministers also said.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a serious price in return," they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its future.
We welcome the restrained position of Ukraine.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response," the statement also said.
Earlier in the day, the head of British diplomacy, Elizabeth Truss, said Russia would face "serious consequences" if it invaded Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "the united voice of the G7 countries, which account for 50% of world GDP, and which made it very clear that an invasion of Ukraine would have huge consequences for Russia."
Pfizer vaccine found 32 times less effective against omicron strain
The effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
This conclusion was made by scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, reports the South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective based on a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the drug for COVID-19.
“We see that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the original Sars-CoV-2 variant, but this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variety,” said Professor Malik Peiris.
At the same time, scientists emphasized that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against a severe course of the disease when infected with a coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of a coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the impact of the omicron strain on it.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain could cause a new wave of virus circulation and an increase in mortality if additional measures are not taken.
The head of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry accused Germany of blocking the supply of NATO weapons to Kyiv
Ukrainian Defense Minister Oleksiy Reznikov has accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Kyiv's acquisition of deadly weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-sniper systems and rifles to defeat drones.
It is noted that Berlin later softened its position on rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defense, Kyiv intends to seek the acquisition of the aforementioned weapons in the framework of bilateral agreements with the allies.
In particular, we are talking about the US, UK, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government under the leadership of Chancellor Olaf Scholz on allowing arms supplies to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukrainian Ambassador to Germany Andriy Melnyk expressed the opinion that Kyiv should not expect arms supplies from Berlin under Chancellor Scholze.
According to him, the previous leadership of Germany explained its refusal to provide weapons by the risk of developing a military escalation of the conflict in the Donbass, despite the "occupation by Russia" of part of the Ukrainian territory.
The diplomat is sure that Germany will retain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky said that Kyiv was expecting help from Berlin to equip its navy.
Ukraine expects that Germany "will be Ukraine's partner in a technical sense," the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year, the co-chairman of the "green" party of Germany, Robert Habek, visited the republic, where he advocated the sale of defensive weapons to Kyiv.
Sergey NOSOV 2, no, poor eyesight has nothing to do with it.
"I" instead of "E" dial?
Skip too many commas?
So write instead of writing.
No, you are an illiterate person.
And for a philologist, this is a disgrace.
Game set "Fishing": e / f light, sound, incl. playing field, 2 fishing rods, 5 figurines, bat. 3AA not in., box.
The electrified children's fishing is a cheerful and useful toy for the development of the child.
While playing, the baby will train fine motor skills of hands, develop dexterity, accuracy and attention.
As soon as you turn on the toy, 5 miniature fish will quickly move along the imitated pond to a cheerful melody.
The task of the child is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play alone or together: 2 fishing rods are included in the kit.
The toy is powered by 3 AA 1.5 V batteries (not included).
The size of the playing field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
In Moscow, named the winners of the Arseniev Prize KXan 36 Daily News
Solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian Literary Prize "Far East" them.
V. K. Arsenyeva was held in Moscow.
As reported on the page of the award in Instagram, in total, the organizing committee received 89 applications this season.
63 passed the selection.
Primorsky and Khabarovsk Territories became the leaders in terms of the number of submitted works - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three categories: "Long Prose", "Short Prose", "Prose for Children".
Nine works were shortlisted - three in each category.
The winner in the nomination "Long Prose" was Alexander Filkin (Primorsky Territory) with the book "Inscription on the Gospel".
The award was presented to the winner by Deputy Prime Minister - Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of the Russian Federation in the Far Eastern Federal District Yuri Trutnev.
In the Short Fiction nomination, Lyubov Bezbakh (Sakhalin Region) was recognized as the best with her work "Whisper of the Night Rain".
She received the award from the hands of Alexei Chekunkov, Minister of the Russian Federation for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic.
In the nomination "Children's prose" the Trans-Baikal writer Nina Belomestnova and her "Golden Thread" became the laureate.
The author was awarded by screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 500 thousand rubles.
As a reminder, within the framework of the Far East Prize, authors of the best works on the Far East are awarded.
The main objective of the award is not only to reward the winners and talk about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest in the Far East, as a priority development area for the 21st century.
Novels, short stories, collections of short stories or short stories, as well as documentary prose and memoirs can be nominated for the competition.
At the same time, the place of residence of the author does not matter, the main thing is to write in Russian.
Official website of the award: https://premiaarseniev.rf/.
Frying pan, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble color, 4278884.
Kukmara "marble" cookware is made of die-cast aluminum and coated with an innovative water-based non-stick marble coating reinforced with ultra-hard mineral particles.
Features of the dishes of the "Marble" series.
Significant thickness of the walls and bottom eliminates the deformation of the body, guarantees durability, and provides the necessary strength of the coating.
A water-based, high-strength non-stick marble coating reinforced with ultra-hard mineral particles.
Environmentally friendly non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorinated carboxylic acid).
Ideal distribution of heat over the entire surface of the dish, long-term preservation of heat.
The possibility of using a minimum amount of fat.
The non-stick marble coating is applied by spraying, which guarantees exceptional durability of the coating during operation.
Small scratches and small abrasions on the surface of the cauldron do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the cookware.
Products do not burn and retain their taste.
Possibility of cooking delicious and healthy food without adding oil, as on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Ease of washing.
Suitable for all types of hob except induction.
Can be washed in the dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner coating is "marble".
A water-based, high-strength non-stick coating reinforced with ultra-hard mineral particles.
Reinforced ground layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
Die-cast aluminum housing up to 6 mm thick.
External non-stick coating - "marble".
Kukmara cookware will turn the ordinary process of cooking into a pleasant and easy activity for any housewife.
Years ... many years ago I did the same replanning.
Combined the living room with the kitchen.
Three-room apartment.
Was.
Of course, a project, a permit, a new registration certificate, everything is in accordance with the law.
In the hallway they made a bookcase and a large dressing room.
The door to the kitchen was blocked, and there was a lot of space.
For almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we have never regretted what we did.
Of the mistakes - instead of a bath, they installed a cool shower.
A hundred times I regretted it!
I just recently realized that I love rum.
But I have not yet discovered the wonderful world of rum for myself, except for "Bacardi" and "Captain Morgan".
What else would you recommend, and where could this wonderful acquaintance begin?
I got sick too.
I will not be vaccinated.
I came to Chernomorskoe for "rehabilitation".
Just bad luck with the weather...
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in bright houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask the ornithologists.
Plus, paint and other chemical compounds will scare away birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thanks, I'll definitely try.
And what about Japan?
Thanks for the recipe.
And what varieties of apples should be put according to this recipe?
It's really delicious.
I add a little more onion and a green apple there.
Try it.
Recently, the zomboyaschik said that the production of cars is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (apparently, microcontroller chips).
Russia was not on this list.
Like this!
In the USA, with their expensive labor force, it is profitable, but in Russia, it is not profitable!
And my mother-in-law pissed me off.
I feel sorry for her, she is no longer with us.
If I had seen kindness from her, everything could have been different.
But besides hatred, gossip, scandals, there is nothing special to remember.
I feel sorry for her, life lived in malice.
Mercedes files protest against Abu Dhabi Grand Prix result
The German Mercedes team, whose driver Lewis Hamilton finished second behind Red Bull driver Max Verstappen at the Abud Dhabi Grand Prix, has filed a protest against the final result of the race, according to the press service of Formula 1.
"Mercedes" believes that during the race were violated rules "Formula 1" 48.12 and 48.8.
In the first case, the German team disputes the decision of the judges to return the lap riders to the same lap as the leaders.
According to the second - Verstappen ahead of Hamilton to allowed "restart" zone.
We add that now the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen was ahead of Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the Formula 1 World Championship, is preliminary, when the protests of Mercedes will be considered are not known
G7 warned Russia about the responsibility for the invasion of Ukraine
Foreign ministers of the G7 countries warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues military aggression against Ukraine, the parties said in the final statement.
The meeting participants also noted that they condemn the strengthening of the Russian armed forces near the country's borders.
"Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," the UK government said in a statement.
The ministers of the G7 countries and the EU High Representative noted that they "are united in their condemnation of the Russian military reinforcement and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine."
British Foreign Secretary Elizabeth Truss at a press conference in Liverpool warned of "great consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We have made it clear that any incursion will have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to renounce aggression against Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier at the summit in Liverpool, the G7 foreign ministers agreed that in order to resolve the crisis due to the buildup of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine, the parties need to return to the negotiating table.
It was about negotiations in the Normandy format.
The North Atlantic Alliance also came out for a dialogue on Ukraine in the Normandy format.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "signed their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Belt bag Homsu Diamond.
The Diamond waist bag is perfect for sports, travel or just walking.
It is convenient to take with you, it is roomy, made of durable and lightweight fabric material.
The main compartment opens with a zipper, which can be done without difficulty even on the go.
Stylish and bright design is perfect for those ladies who really have a delicate taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, thanks to which various things are placed in it, from a passport to a mobile phone.
The material makes it easy to wash the waist bag using various household products.
For convenience, you can use a special strap size regulator.
Disclosed ways to return money stolen through online stores
There are several ways to recover money stolen from online stores and avoid becoming a victim of fraud in the future.
They were revealed by information security experts in an interview with RBC.
Thus, in order to reduce the risk of large losses when bank card details fall into the hands of intruders, it is recommended to store fixed assets on a card or bank account that are not used for online shopping.
Part of the savings can be saved to a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend getting a separate card for online purchases.
If money has been stolen while shopping at stores that do not use 3D Secure security technology, you can initiate a refund process.
"Within the framework of the rules established by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions carried out without the use of 3D Secure, the responsibility lies with the participant in the settlement chain who does not use this service," a representative of Promsvyazbank specified.
Artur Zaremba, an expert from the international payment provider Ecommpay, emphasized that the buyer has the right to file an application with the bank to challenge the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the criminal used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authorization, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online stores themselves return funds to the client if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, a member of the Civic Chamber, director of the Safe Internet League, Yekaterina Mizulina, reported that in 2021 alone, 11,000 applications were received on various cases of fraud: from the sale of fake documents to the theft of personal data.
Establishing a one-stop-shop for complaints about online scammers could be an effective solution under the current circumstances, she said.
Scholz arrived in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU legislation
Newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the migrant crisis on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the buildup of Russian troops near the borders of Ukraine and the situation with Russia's Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline.
Although Scholz stated his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for many years to come, the leaders of the two countries expressed unequivocal expectations from each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he would urge Scholz to oppose Nord Stream 2, which is supposed to deliver Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Morawiecki, Russia can use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin said it would help Warsaw and Brussels to resolve this crisis.
Poland's judiciary, however, remains one of the reasons for controversy.
The European Court of Justice has fined Poland, finding that judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violate EU law.
Poland refused to pay the fine and its highest court ruled that national law takes precedence over EU rules.
The new German government, sworn in on Wednesday, despite the demands of Poland and the United States, has not made a public commitment to stop the work of Nord Stream 2 in the event of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
US officials have told members of Congress they have reached an understanding with Germany to shut down the pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior US congressional official said Tuesday.
German officials did not confirm the reports, but Scholz warned on Wednesday of the consequences if Russia violated Ukraine's border, a position confirmed by the G7 on Sunday.
Dmitry, take a closer look.
The view outside the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
The wall between the kitchen and the room was removed, so the second window is partially visible.
In general, those who are not familiar with the initial layout doubt.
And I know such apartments very well and I see perfectly how it was replanned.
May all be well with them.
It always surprises when they write about the means to wash the sink, toilet bowl, window sills, taps.
You wash them once a year at Easter, or something, which you have to wash straight.
Just don't let it get dirty.
Mintsifra wants to give writers residences
The future Fund for the Support of Russian Writers will be given federal property inherited from the Union of Writers of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR.
Writers' residences will be created on its basis, the Ministry of Digital Development, which will become the founder of the fund, told "Parliamentskaya Gazeta".
The Ministry of Digital Development is preparing a draft presidential decree on the creation of a Fund for the Support of Russian Writers.
The explanatory note specifies that the fund will be instructed to take care, among other things, of the intended use and preservation of buildings and structures that once belonged to the Soviet Union of Writers and the Literary Fund.
"A significant number of real estate objects that previously belonged to the Literary Fund of the USSR, including objects located in the writers' town of Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo in the Leningrad Region and others, have passed into the ownership of the Russian Federation," the press service of the Ministry of Digital Development told Parliamentary Gazeta.
The draft decree prescribes to reflect in the Foundation's charter that it "is being created in order to promote literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers."
"By "creating conditions for creative activity" is meant the creation of writers' residences on the basis of transferred property in different regions of Russia, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creativity," the Ministry of Digital Development explained to our publication.
520 rubles for one cut tomato?
A cheese cake is literally a layer of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a beaker for 570…
No, it looks, of course, delicious, but the price is simply inadequate.
On Belorusskaya, apparently, solid rich people gathered.
Doctors warn about the dangers of long-term use of blood-thinning drugs after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned about the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after contracting the COVID-19 coronavirus infection and before being vaccinated against the coronavirus.
Therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that self-prevention of the possible formation of blood clots after COVID-19 can provoke a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-thinning drugs are not for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in the hospital, he had complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning drugs that prevent excessive blood clots) according to indications.
She said that now obscurantism is happening - everyone is drinking anticoagulants for a long time and getting complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (brain hemorrhage) against this background.
The chief prophylactologist of the Ural Federal District, the scientific director of the Society of Preventive Medicine Specialists, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, in an interview with URA.RU, said that Russians now often use anticoagulants indiscriminately before vaccination against coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe dubious advice on the Internet and begin to self-medicate.
There are such citizens who, a week before vaccination, by their own decision, begin to take anticoagulants.
And during a preliminary examination before vaccination, doctors notice bruising.
He emphasized that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without finding out the cause of any symptom.
Potato has been called a superfood to protect against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and affordable vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing diseases of the cardiovascular system.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and microelements that contribute to the functioning of internal organs.
It helps with heart disease by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol levels.
Today, heart disease is the leading cause of early human death.
To improve the situation, you need not only to be treated, but also to eat right.
One of the assistants in this situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to scientists, this root crop contains a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and there is also vitamin C, which is very important for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
Trace elements help to work effectively all the internal systems of the body.
Among other things, the root crop fights natural age-related disorders in the body, contains a lot of fiber that is useful for the gastrointestinal tract.
With regular consumption, it can become the prevention of atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A lady came to see the apartment.
I came from another city to show it.
The ad included detailed photos and a description of the apartment.
She was extremely dissatisfied, because there was no "chic" kitchen and "chic" balcony.
Aunt, you see, has nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, and people waste their time.
About 145 thousand teenagers were vaccinated with the first component of COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information on the vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and lactating women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, Kazinform reports with reference to the International Exhibition Commission for the non-proliferation of COVID-19
20 people died from coronavirus and pneumonia per day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely serious condition - Ministry of Health of the Republic of Kazakhstan
As of December 11, 2021, 181,037 people were vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine, 14,580 people were vaccinated with the second component.
Of these, the first dose: adolescents - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, lactating women - 25,779.
Second dose: adolescents - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, lactating women - 2,749.
Plumber who found money in church wall will be paid $20,000
A plumber who found money in a church wall in the US state of Texas will be paid a reward.
This was reported in a press release from the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident took place at Lakewood, a large evangelical church where Pastor Joel Austin preaches, promising that devout Christians will find wealth and prosperity.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cowley was repairing one of the church's restrooms and found thousands of bags of money and checks under the insulation.
He gave the find to the church and, according to him, did not even receive gratitude from Austin.
"I wanted to hear him say, 'You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you have done and what you could have done, "" KPRC-TV quotes him.
Apparently, the find is related to the theft that took place in Lakewood Church seven years ago.
Then about 200 thousand dollars in cash and 400 thousand dollars in the form of checks, which were kept in a church safe, disappeared.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer any losses.
Nevertheless, a reward of 25 thousand dollars was announced for information about the criminals.
Justin Cowley could not claim this amount as the award had already expired.
Despite this, Crime Stoppers of Houston, a non-profit organization that donated $5,000 for the award and later received another $20,000 as a gift from Lakewood Church, decided to reward the plumber's honesty.
He will receive 20 thousand dollars.
Earlier it was reported that the police questioned Pastor Joel Austin about the money found in the wall of Lakewood Church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is her characteristic "as a real person."
Therefore, the attitude towards her is so negative.
And it's not that "she is financially much richer than all the hacks," as they say here.
There are richer people, but not all of them behave so impudently, so defiantly, as this madam.
Mattress Promteks-Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190x190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
It is based on the TFK block (256 springs per square meter).
Springs independent of each other contribute to the correct distribution of the load.
Coconut coir (material from coconut palm fibers) is used as a filler.
Felt layers are placed between the filler and the spring block.
Both sides of the mattress are above average firmness.
Removable cover Jacquard Sense: cotton 5%, polyester 95%.
Fabric density - 116 g/m².
Again, simple and delicious.
I was looking for chicken recipes on your page.
They gave us a chicken.
It was grown on our farm by our friends.
She weighs over four kilograms.
I would like to cook it better.
I want to find a recipe for chicken pieces baked in beer.
Have you tried this?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes "from the Internet".
China reports new case of human infection with avian influenza virus
A new case of human infection with the highly pathogenic H5N6 avian influenza virus has been reported in China.
This was reported by radio station RTHK, citing a notification from the Hong Kong health authorities, TASS reports.
The infection infected a 68-year-old resident of the Huizhou urban district in the southern province of Guangdong, who kept poultry on the farm.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The world's first human infection with a strain of the H5N6 virus was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
Brazil requires citizens to show vaccination passports when entering the country
In Brazil, they were obliged to require covid-passports from those entering the territory of the state, the corresponding decision was made by the judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF) Luis Roberto Barroso.
It is reported by CNN Brasil.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempted from presenting a vaccination certificate.
Also on the list of exceptions are people who arrived from countries where the absence of a vaccine has been proven.
"The situation is even more serious when you consider that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year's Eve, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which implies an increase in tourist traffic," Barroso said.
Earlier, the Brazilian authorities ordered tourists who were not vaccinated against coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
Total protection scheme against COVID-19 revealed
Virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honored Scientist of Russia Anatoly Altshtein, in an interview with Ura.ru, revealed a scheme for complete protection against coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by injecting and using a nasal vaccine.
With intranasal application, immunoglobulins A are formed in large quantities. This does not happen when the vaccine is administered by injection.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside, after vaccination, we produce the most immunoglobulin G (antibodies).
And if you give both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But there is no decision on double vaccination yet," the doctor said.
The chief prophylactologist of the Ural Federal District, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, in turn, said that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination together with injection is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this would help in that in this case, the protection of the body, presumably, should be maximum.
Earlier, the Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod Region, David Melik-Guseinov, said that the spread of a new coronavirus infection among children would lead to a new surge in the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to him, this is exactly the picture that is observed in other countries, where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked with a male (he died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, feeding, affection, love and games for a bitch in heat, then go ahead.
But the dog was trained and generally smart.
He chose my society and went home.
In the video, a method that works in 90% of cases.
Not taken from the ceiling, believe me.
I slowed down many owners so that they would not run after the dog, although they lamented that 200 thousand were running away (Pomsky), I took it straight by the hand and led me away in the other direction.
As a result, "200 thousand" chose the owner, and not the dog that ran somewhere out there.
Anti-vaccination protests continue across Europe
In the Austrian capital of Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and plans of the authorities to make vaccination against covid mandatory.
From February next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
The Spaniards, outraged by the health policy of the authorities, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some were holding signs saying "This is a fake pandemic", "I will not be vaccinated".
A major protest against health passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the Autonomous Community, a covid certificate is required to access bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and nightlife venues.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was taken by the authorities of a number of regions of the country against the backdrop of an increase in the number of cases of coronavirus infection.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then turned into clashes with law enforcement officers.
A group of demonstrators began to throw stones at the police.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nikolay S., even in Wikipedia there is no consensus on this matter.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also designated as "the first Russian doctor, doctor of medicine", probably because she began to study earlier.
Let's just not argue, I think they both deserve this title.
I agree with Zakharova with only one thing: the Americans brought only death and plunder to any country, wherever they appeared.
Mattress Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut coir on a spring block TFK.
The mattress is hard, framed on both sides with layers of natural coconut.
At the heart of the mattress is a block of independent TFK springs.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load, help the body to take a natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
Cover made of natural jacquard - dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to the touch.
It is bad and sad to grow old alone, but it is inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad when you read about it.
A person should live as long as he can serve himself and not be a burden to anyone.
All health.
WHO has discovered "omicron" in sixty countries
The World Health Organization (WHO) has announced that a new strain of coronavirus "omicron" has already been identified in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already saying that the spread of the new strain could be disastrous.
The rate of spread of the strain was reported in a WHO report.
According to the organization, as of December 9, the strain has already been detected in 63 countries, in all six WHO regions.
This is despite the fact that it began to actively spread only from the end of November.
WHO also expresses concern about the high rate of spread of a new variant of the coronavirus.
WHO experts express concern that the new strain, according to preliminary data, may bypass the Delta strain, aka the Indian version of the coronavirus, which is now leading in all absolutely countries without exception, in terms of spread.
Prior to this, the Director General of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said that the omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in the UK.
Experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that Omicron will replace Delta in the coming months.
And the number of cases in Britain alone will be about 1 million. This is despite the fact that several hundred people are officially sick in the Kingdom at the moment, and according to estimates, up to 10 thousand.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the Omicron strain, and at its peak, more than 2,000 people will be taken to hospitals daily.
What the British health care system will not be able to cope with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that, according to recent studies, the effectiveness of the vaccine from Pfizer-BioNTech against the Omicron strain is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
It is not yet known how the Russian Sputnik V reacts to Omicron - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has just started testing the Russian vaccine on the Omicron strain.
Why do we need to see the stages of aging?
It would be better to SEE the performance of your exercises in more detail.
It is not clear in the first exercise how to do it: sitting on your heels or kneeling, as it is written, but how then to rest your hands on your hips?
Or hands on your waist?
Curious Squirrel, you are right, communication on the Internet is completely different, they communicate easily and naturally, and there is nothing to say in person.
Yes, and to see a person live, perhaps this is not what you expected, it didn’t hook you - hence the attitude.
When he meets his man, then his views will change.
And again, the Soviet time is called the "time of demons."
Yes, then people believed in God much more honestly than today.
Yes, and they were brought up practically according to God's laws (love for one's neighbor, do not steal, etc.).
What today ideology - money at any cost.
Talkers like Globa have little faith (yes, it doesn’t exist at all), but even so, the time of demons came in the 90s ...
Our St. Petersburg, or rather Leningrad, communal apartment with Bolshaya Zelenina still maintains communication.
Of course, we are not the closest friends, but we try to maintain the warmth of relations between the older generation.
Perhaps this is due to the fact that there were no visitors in the apartment, the rooms were not rented out, and no one canceled the blockade brotherhood.
Unfortunately, we see each other more often at funerals.
Lara Angelskaya, come on!
Human cubs, especially males, strong, mobile, energetic, rage, push, fight, fight, just like their little "brothers" in wildlife!
The only pity is that they are not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches are a common thing, but not a boomerang!
Yes, and for what?
Brother pushed, not calculating the strength?
Are you always just so dexterous that you never accidentally hit anyone and never hurt yourself?
Mattress SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm.
Mattress with a spring block Bonnel Wave Space BS (Veyv Space BES) has a moderate rigidity on both sides.
The comfortable layers of the mattress are a combination of coconut slab and artificial latex with a relief surface - ErgoFoam.
The cover of the product is cotton, made of jacquard weaving fabric.
It is durable, resistant to wear, at the same time it passes air well without interfering with the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is quilted on synthetic winterizer, which gives it softness.
Practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coconut coir has antimicrobial properties, it is tough, evenly distributes the weight falling on it.
Artificial latex with a cellular cut surface provides the mattress with a micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, solid construction.
The Bonnel block, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it can withstand heavy loads, it is well suited to pairs with a small difference in weight.
Along the perimeter, the product is reinforced with a polyurethane foam box - it prolongs the life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennet announces the start of vaccination in schools
The Israeli Ministry of Health is starting an emergency program on Sunday to increase vaccinations.
Since the morning of December 12, vaccination against coronavirus has been carried out in schools throughout Israel.
Jewish Prime Minister Naftali Bennet at today's cabinet meeting said that the issue of vaccinating the fourth dose of citizens at risk will also be studied.
In Israel, mass vaccination of the population against the coronavirus infection COVID-19 began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are being vaccinated with Pfizer.
On January 10 last year, the vaccinated began to receive a second dose.
Vaccination of adolescents 12-15 years old in this country started in early June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of the vaccine, the third - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gauer, well, probably, the tick will not crawl into the trap, it is SPIDER-LIKE, as Lyalya put it.
In any case, I don't see a tick.
But I'm curious, what if there is?
We need to throw something else to him, for the temptation
Children's mattress Dimax Genius 70x190
Children's double-sided mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut coir based on an independent spring block EVS500.
Children's springless mattress made of latex and coconut on an independent spring block.
Natural latex is a soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep as comfortable as possible.
On the reverse side, a mattress of medium hardness, comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
At the heart of the mattress is a block of independent springs.
Springs most accurately and evenly distribute the load on the surface of the mattress, supporting the body in a natural position.
Great option for students and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
The material is durable, wear-resistant, not subject to abrasion.
Heavy rains kill seven people in Brazil
At least seven people were killed and 175 injured as a result of heavy rains that hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas Gerais.
It is reported in TASS with reference to the rescue services.
An extratropical cyclone has been raging on the border of these states since the middle of the week, as a result of which the level of precipitation in the region reached 450 mm. A state of emergency has been declared in 25 municipalities in the state of Bahia, with floods in some of them the most destructive in 35 years.
The elements destroyed several bridges, two river dams, traffic was blocked on three routes.
According to rescuers, about 5.7 thousand people were left homeless, another 6.7 thousand were forced to leave their homes.
The damage from the elements affected over 85 thousand inhabitants of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol ointment, I work with medicines.
It relieves inflammation well.
Personally, I like Bepanten more for the regeneration of superficial wounds and abrasions, but you know better on the spot what is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is going on, there was such a hole, just horror.
Hola, España, you didn't hear me and didn't understand me.
I will answer with the lines of M. Isakovsky: "Migratory birds are flying\nTo look for the bygone summer.\n
They fly to hot countries,\nBut I don't want to fly away,\nBut I stay with you,\nMy dear side!\n
I don't need someone else's sun,\nI don't need someone else's land."
And believe me, photos from the park where I skied, or from my city, will be just as good.
By the way, it would be much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Wax crayons MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 colors, twistable, plastic. case.
A set of 12 colorful wax crayons in a plastic case with a retractable nib.
Do not crumble, do not stain the handles, absolutely safe.
Do not require sharpening.
Housing made of high quality durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: zipper bag.
$135 billion went into applications - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending on apps grew by 25% globally and downloads by 8%.
Various video services turned out to be the most popular in the world.
Users downloaded the CapCut video editor the most and spent the most on YouTube.
Both the number of app downloads and user spending in them showed a significant increase in the period from January to November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. Spending by users in applications grew even more significantly: by 25%, to a record $135 billion.
Such data was published by the analytical company App Annie, which presented a report on the mobile application market in 2021.
In 2021, the global economy emerged from lockdown and began a post-pandemic recovery.
"Will such a "return to the physical" slow down the growth of the application economy? Not at all," the authors of the report say.
India has become the leader in the number of app downloads, accounting for about 20% of all downloads.
It is followed by the USA (9%) and Brazil (8%).
iOS gadget users, as before, spent more than Android users: iOS accounted for 65% of all in-app spending.
Among the applications, the CapCut video editor took the first place in terms of the number of downloads in 2021.
It is followed by two Indian apps: MX TakaTak video service and Meesho online trading app.
The top 10 in terms of the number of downloads also includes Telegram.
In general, judging by the number of downloads, VPN services are popular among users (there are two of them in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to the creation and broadcasting of videos (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak, the top 10 also includes two such services are Moj and SnackVideo).
"Users spent the most on live and online streaming apps," the authors of the report note.
YouTube leads the way here, while TikTok video service, video streaming services Disney+ and HBO Max, and Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma are also in the top 5 in terms of user spending.
The first places in terms of the number of monthly active users are occupied by Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok, the top 5 is closed by the mobile version of Microsoft Office.
In Russia, the AliExpress shopping app turned out to be the leader in terms of the number of downloads per year.
It is followed by the Zenly service, which shows the location of friends, and still the same CapCut.
The top 10 apps also include StarMaker online karaoke, Shein online clothing retailer, Maps for Minecraft PE app, DiDi online taxi service, Pure Tuber YouTube client, Dixy retailer app, and Samokat online store. .
All over the world, people have adapted to the pandemic through the transition to mobile life, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The industries that have made the greatest strides have been in helping people connect both virtually and in person," said Lexi Sidow, Head of Market Research at App Annie.
The revenue of the mobile games sector in 2021 reached $90 billion. The leaders in terms of the number of downloads were casual and hyper-casual games in which there is little or no plot, and video design is minimal.
The top 3 most played games in the world are Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia, the leading games are DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends for the next year, analysts of the company named the increase in the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growth in popularity of financial applications among Generation Z, such as the application for investors Robinhood, as well as the further increase in the popularity of metaversive mobile games.
Treat Clan De File for dogs with beef, 30 pcs. by 40
Natural dried beef treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Clan De File - meat fillet for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
Natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
In cooking, only one type of protein is used - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, which means that the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the delicacy is meat fillet, processed in accordance with the quality standards that are used in the preparation of food for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily ration: no more than 10% of the daily ration of an adult animal.
Energy value: 407 kcal.
Ingredients: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians warned about a new scheme of scammers
Attackers began to look for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
Izvestia writes about this with reference to experts.
According to Zaur Abutalimov, director of products at Ivideon, deepfakes are the main danger associated with the spread of video communication tools.
In this case, the scammers create a fake video based on real recordings of the victim.
Thanks to this, the neural network manages to accurately reproduce the behavioral characteristics of a person.
Abutalimov added that using a deepfake, attackers can call the victim’s acquaintances via video link or create a video with a copy of a person to send out with the aim of blackmail.
"Such fakes can easily provoke bullying, since a savvy attacker can put people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scripts," the expert said.
Leading system engineer Varonis Alexander Vetkol, in turn, noted that psychologically people trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this could create specific risks when it comes to video technologies.
David, I'll add.
In what I wrote above, I emphasized that I bought all this in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow much makeup and walking in short skirts, showing stockings and tights with legs.
This is a province, but there WAS such a product in the store.
In big cities, Muslim women put on makeup and showed their thighs.
So it is in Dushanbe, it is a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are many fashionistas, but there is no the same cosmetics.
Here are five things you can do to help prevent diabetes
Blood sugar problems are among the most common in the world.
However, some do not attach much importance to this, and in vain.
Diabetes can eventually lead to serious complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a major role in preventing the formation of diseases.
So, doctors recommend changing the drinking regime - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to plain water have a positive effect on metabolism.
Sugary foods raise blood sugar levels to dangerous levels when consumed in excess.
Therefore, the first step towards a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and store them at home.
The appearance of the disease is affected not only by malnutrition, but also by habits.
To reduce the risk of diabetes, you need to move a lot.
Experts recommend sticking to a low-carbohydrate diet.
Such a diet will not only help reduce weight, but also protect against sudden fluctuations in sugar levels.
To protect against diabetes, you need to eat a lot of fiber.
Dietary fiber fills the stomach and thus contributes to a feeling of satiety, the release of digestive juices and increased absorption of food.
Tomato seeds GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, Article No. 4241014.
Low-growing early beef tomato with abundant fruiting for cultivation in open ground and under temporary film shelters.
The plant is determinate, with short internodes.
The fruits are large, saturated pink, rather dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by leaves, well stored.
The pulp is juicy, with a sugary taste.
The hybrid is resistant to a complex of diseases.
Recommended for salads, appetizers and slicing.
Sowing for seedlings: in late March - early April.
Pick - in the phase of the first true leaf.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After planting in open ground, the plants are formed and tied up.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has class A energy efficiency, which allows you to consume noticeably less electricity during operation.
The freezer is perfect for both a private house and an apartment due to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and excellent sound insulation.
the camera works no louder than a regular refrigerator.
The Quick Freeze function freezes food in the shortest possible time, while retaining the maximum amount of nutrients.
Chest freezer Slavda FC-160 corresponds to the N/ST climate class, which allows it to work without problems at room temperatures up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova spoke about the “weekend migraine” among workaholics
Several factors can lead to a worsening of well-being on the weekend.
The reason for the deterioration of well-being after working days is often “weekend migraine,” said a well-known endocrinologist, Ph.D.
According to her, workaholics especially often suffer from this, who have a headache, weakness and weakness on weekends.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to the fatigue accumulated over the week, there are quite a few objective reasons for the negative reaction of the body to changing conditions.
Weekends change our lives.
“We sleep for a long time, we lie on the couch all day, most likely we eat more and drink less,” the doctor argued. “Due to the lack of coffee, a slight withdrawal begins.
Due to overeating and lack of water - heaviness and weakness.
An additional role is played by a late rise.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, then there will be a reaction called jet lag.
It occurs in travelers who cross multiple time zones.
To determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of well-being, Pavlova recommended to trace what changes the most on weekends.
Mattress Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185.
The reinforced perimeter of high-density foam significantly increases the life of the mattress.
Mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of firmness, the total height of the mattress is 23 cm.
The maximum allowable load per berth is up to 140 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is in a separate fabric pocket, which allows you to properly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt is added to separate the fillings of the mattress and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 2 cm thick, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
Cotton jacquard quilted with 2cm faux latex and 1cm Hollcon for added comfort.
On the other side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 1 cm thick and a layer of felt is used.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, does not allow microorganisms, dust mites and microbes to develop.
The mattress is supplied with four convenient handles for turning over, and also aerators for additional ventilation of layers.
South African scientists say Pfizer's Omicron vaccine is ineffective
In South Africa, they announced the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
Scientists from the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported on the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus infection.
It (the level of neutralization of "omicron") is estimated to correspond to a (level of) vaccine efficacy of 22.5% against a symptomatic infection, which ... casts doubt on the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection, says the text of the study, published on portal MedRxiv.
At the same time, experts clarified that the drug can save from the severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of coronavirus could cause a new wave of pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in common foods?
Sugar is not the best source of beneficial nutrients.
Its excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cause cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should be aware that under an unfamiliar word in the composition of the product, hidden sugar may be indicated - an ingredient similar to sugar in calorie content, composition and glycemic index.
The label may contain several dozen names, in fact, denoting sugar.
Some of the most common and frequently encountered names are glucose and fructose.
There may also be other hidden sugars such as dextrose (corn-derived sugar), levulose (fruit sugar), molasses (black molasses), agave syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be found not only in confectionery, but also in ketchup, doctor's sausage, bread, etc.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce your sugar intake is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, and pay attention to the label and the many different names for sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but whatever the name of the ingredient in the composition of the product - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it is still sugar.
Calculating the exact amount of sugar is not easy, since it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the package, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total amount of sugar may be significantly higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: gas will lose importance for Germany in 25 years
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that gas imports are losing importance for Germany as the country continues its transition to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, by 2045 Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal, becoming a climate neutral country.
"That is, in 25 years the world will be such that the issue of transporting gas to Germany and Europe will play a different role," the Chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany remains committed to Ukraine transporting Russian natural gas in the future, as this resource is currently essential for the energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States made a statement in which Berlin supported the energy transformation of Ukraine.
Earlier, German Foreign Minister Annalena Berbock said that the process of certification of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline continues.
According to the minister, within the framework of the coalition negotiations and the discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that European energy law should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline still "does not comply with the requirements" of the European Union.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
A year in 1985 had to travel to those parts.
I remember ChMEZ very well, rising from Kanatchikovo station uphill, past an old building (similar to a centralization post, two-story), along Kanatchikovsky passage, and turning right onto Vavilov Street, to the factory gates...
Hackers hacked Indian Prime Minister's Twitter
Hackers hacked the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The attackers managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India allegedly recognized bitcoin as legal tender, and also that the country had already purchased cryptocurrency.
In the office, Modi was asked to ignore new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter reacted quickly - access to the account was restored.
The page of the Prime Minister of India was already hacked in 2020 and called for donations to the fund using cryptocurrency.
Majority voted against independence in New Caledonia referendum
In New Caledonia, the third referendum, held on 12 December, ended with the same result as the previous two.
According to the first partial results announced on Sunday, December 12 at noon, the majority of New Caledonians voted against the independence of their territory during the referendum.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third voting was significantly lower than in the previous two.
According to preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) of those who voted were in favor of New Caledonia's independence from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted against.
The turnout was 43.90%, in total, more than 80 thousand residents of New Caledonia took part in the elections.
As France-Presse commented on these interim results, "the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt," as independence supporters urged voters not to vote.
Being the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that the new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic in the archipelago prevents a full and "honest" election campaign.
This non-participation thus paved the way for a third victory for the supporters of French New Caledonia, following the referendums held in November 2018 and October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, in 2020 - 53.3%.
The separatists said they do not recognize the results of the last vote and will challenge them at the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, at the Elysee Palace, French President Emmanuel Macron is due to speak on the results of this referendum.
The theme of New Caledonian independence has in many ways enlivened the last weeks of the presidential campaign in France.
Several presidential candidates have spoken out in favor of the territory remaining part of France, as it is "the last region of the European Union's presence in the Pacific."
"New Caledonia must necessarily remain French," Eric Zemmour repeatedly repeated.
Republican candidate Valerie Pecresse, who published an op-ed in Le Figaro in late October urging Caledonians to remain French, made the same statement.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take the position "because it is not his responsibility."
However, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "strong desire that the choice of the Caledonians be the choice of France."
Light, oh hello!
I've been a little ... a little rude to you, it's still embarrassing, ashamed.
Thanks for sticking with my channel.
On the subject: I am not an artist, I love to draw, but it turns out to be an inspired daub.
But as an artist - not an artist at all: what would change here?
Just do not forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as common as it is now.
But medicine was at zero - leeches, garlic and decoctions.
Now they would put him on his feet in an instant.
And the food is completely irrelevant.
Turkey tests world's first laser-powered drone
Turkey has successfully tested the world's first drone with a laser weapon.
UAV "Eren" was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 m, according to "MIR24".
The device is capable of neutralizing explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum flight altitude of the novelty reaches 3 thousand meters.
After passing the relevant tests, the UAV should enter service with the Turkish military, which will use it to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of sappers.
The agency emphasizes that Turkey is among six countries in the world capable of developing and producing its own drones.
I cut pink salmon into steaks.
Salt, sugar, black peppercorns and sweet peas.
Sometimes I added cloves, it does not interfere.
In a deep cup, covered with a saucer on top.
Well, as if that's all.
And why do I need this salmon, for such money it is not known what kind, pink salmon is an excellent fish.
Bread, butter, salmon.
Awesome sandwich.
WSJ Readers Criticize Article on Russia-U.S. Relations
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized an article by Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the article expressed concern that the West is allegedly sacrificing Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow, and made a number of offensive remarks about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the end, Hartwell called on the Western countries to "show a united front against Russia."
WSJ readers expressed their disagreement with the position of the American professor.
“There is quite a lot of false information in this article,” RIA Novosti quotes a comment from one of the readers.
"Europe is not ours to be 'losed', and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never enter into a nuclear war with Russia for the sake of Ukraine," another said.
The patches can also be applied to the lip area.
The hydrogel used in the Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that provides enhanced absorption and transfer of highly concentrated natural plant essence to the skin, adheres tightly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
By transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the accompanying moisture loss and forces the essence to penetrate into the deeper layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with remote control Nores
Luminaire 2085/EL series NORES consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic diffuser.
The material of the diffuser is high-quality white matt acrylic, which provides the luminaire with uniform dispersion and good light transmission.
Shade shape: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots, giving the included lamp a beautiful effect of "starry twinkling" and transfusion.
The degree of protection IP43 allows the use of the luminaire in certain areas of wet rooms.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, 72 W, which corresponds to a 520 W incandescent lamp.
As well as a remote control, with the help of which a smooth change in color temperature of 3000-6000K, a change in brightness, a transition to the switching mode of warm / white / cold / night light is carried out.
Uriage Moisturizing thermal night face mask 50 ml.
Ultra-moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rested and radiant skin in the morning!
A real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tones, smoothes the skin texture and restores the skin barrier.
Very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
Great skin care product after active exposure to the sun!
Hypoallergenic.
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred in the Kuril Islands
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 231.8 km northeast of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
The source lay at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier, seismologists recorded an earthquake of magnitude 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to break into the people, then it is not known where his petty-bourgeois thinking would have gone.
It's good when you came to America as a famous person.
And if you were born there, it is not known what you would fight for.
So in vain he poured mud, bile and poison on the system, which no one has come up with more justly.
Ukraine will start producing jet drones of a new generation
The new Ukrainian-Turkish plant will begin to create jet unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) of the ANKA type.
This was announced on December 11 by Aleksey Arestovich, a freelance adviser to the head of the office of the Ukrainian president.
That is, they are able to act against air targets, against other drones.
Even against manned aircraft.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of Turkish avionics: a hull and the like," Dialog.ua quoted him as saying.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA devices, Arestovich said that we are talking about jet, not piston UAVs.
According to him, this is a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceed it "in all characteristics."
The first batch of UAVs should be produced by the plant at the end of next year, Arestovich concluded.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the drone has been carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
The day before, the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems in the course of military operations of the joint forces in Donbass.
On December 6, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky announced that the construction of a plant for the production of modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kyiv region, which will train personnel, as well as test and maintain Turkish Bayraktar UAVs.
The press service of the office of the Ukrainian leader called this memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from a container at the airport
Lions have escaped at Singapore's Changi airport.
It is reported by The Straits Times.
Two predators managed to get out of a container with seven lions, which arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were going.
One of the runaway lions lay down on the roof of the container.
The animals could not move away from him because of the protective net installed nearby.
The confrontation ended after the arrival at the airport of employees of the Mandai Wildlife Group, which is in charge of all Singapore's zoos.
They immobilized the lions with tranquilizer darts and plan to take them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, a lion escaped from the owner and walked around the streets of the city.
On the same day, the beast voluntarily returned home, people were not injured.
Experts warn of the threat of cancer due to vitamin B9
Research suggests that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
This was warned by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people who are not deficient in folic acid are less likely to develop certain types of cancer, in particular colorectal.
However, exceeding the required dose, on the contrary, promotes the growth of cancer cells.
Professor Beth Kitchin of the University of Alabama at Birmingham, nutritionist advises to monitor the amount of folic acid consumed throughout the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only if there is a significant deviation from this figure, up or down.
Kitchin recommends not taking vitamin B9 tablets without a doctor's recommendation, be sure to monitor your dosage, and avoid cereals with milk and other foods that contain folic acid.
Earlier, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Because it is found in avocados, among other things, Fine recommended that men over 50 eat the fruit more often.
In the UK, by April, about 75 thousand people could die due to the omicron strain
Forecasts by British scientists show that up to 75,000 people could die in England in the next five months due to the spread of the omicron strain of coronavirus, if restrictive measures are not tightened in winter.
This was reported by The Guardian newspaper, citing a study by experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), TASS reports.
According to the most optimistic forecast of specialists who are part of the scientific advisory group for emergencies under the British Cabinet, by April 2022, at least 25 thousand deaths due to the omicron strain will be recorded in the country, and about 175 thousand people will be hospitalized. patients.
At the same time, at the peak of the incidence, hospitals will receive more than 2 thousand infected people daily.
“Strong measures to combat the coronavirus may be needed to prevent the National Health Service from being overwhelmed if the omicron strain is found to be more contagious than the delta variant, and current vaccines cannot eliminate infections,” said LSHTM mathematician Roseanne Barnard.
Earlier, the UK Health Security Agency informed that if the rate of spread of the omicron strain remains at its current level, then by the end of the year, about 1 million cases of infection will be detected in the country.
At the same time, by mid-December, the Omicron strain may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
At the moment, 1898 cases of infection with the omicron strain of coronavirus have been detected in the UK, of which 633 were detected in the last day.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sajid Javid, indicated that in reality this figure could already reach 10 thousand cases.
After all, I wanted to write some kind of smart comment, but I read it to this place:
"A fur coat obtained as a result of the incredible suffering of an unfortunate animal and its employment in a second job."
And fell under the table!
It turns out that the "unfortunate animal" is the husband, and I thought that it was a chinchilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Kray, judging by the dislikes, your thoughts are not very accessible to the majority.
What did you mean - that those who are on Instagram are pretending, or do they definitely have time for everything, because there is no need for them to pretend?
SZ is like a clothing stock, everything that did not sell at one time ends up here.
If you set a goal and dig well, then among the trash you can find something worthwhile.
You just need to be patient and clearly understand what you are looking for.
Demand for superyachts grew by a quarter in the world
Superyacht builds this year and bookings for next year are breaking global records despite calls to reduce their carbon footprint and fight climate change.
In the world ship registry, the number of ordered yachts was 1,200 units - a quarter more than last year.
In an era of fighting the effects of climate change to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, it's hard to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for a $50 million or more floating fortress will not decrease, writes The Guardian.
However, there are more and more of them.
This year, 25% more vessels were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokers say that there has not been such a rush in the market for 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht fear contagion on land and prefer to escape the pandemic aboard their own ship.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If earlier all these people went to the office and met with business partners in person, now the vast majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are carried out by zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards are taking orders for new yachts for 2025 and beyond.
This means that customers are willing to pay more if their yacht is ready at least a year or two earlier.
"People just want freedom, and the super-rich could afford it," he says.
In Western society, many criticize this behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, sociologists say, do not want to understand that in times of hardship, traveling into space, living on yachts or flying in their own planes cause social irritation because the elite do not want to share the responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are urging governments to take action and are proposing new taxes and regulations for the super-rich, even though they know that with such money mobility, it will be extremely difficult to implement.
Meanwhile, only the number of ordered super-yachts is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1,200 ships, 27 have a stern length over 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke builds the 183m REV Ocean yacht.
Once launched, it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht is provided with a "lunar pool", as well as a submarine designed to explore the depths of the sea.
Helicopter pads, open-air cinemas have become common on existing superyachts, and martial arts platforms have become commonplace on some of them, like wrestler McGregor's yacht. total greenhouse gas emissions, the carbon footprint produced by the super-rich is negligible.
But it has a symbolic meaning, given that there are just over 2,000 multibillionaires in the world.
This is just another example of overconsumption by a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emission footprint of billionaires is thousands of times larger than the footprint of the average inhabitant of the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, then the world's biggest polluter, Roman Abramovich, is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two-thirds of the emission trail landed on his 162.5-meter long Eclipse yacht.
Even if the owner is not on board the yacht, the crew continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the command to drive the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners don't get the sympathy of others when, like Australia's richest woman, Gina Reinhard, who owns mines on the continent, they complain via YouTube that there is no place for their giant ships to dock.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for ships over 50 meters.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol, leading to the development of bowel cancer, has been determined
American scientists have determined how much alcohol per week increases the risk of developing cancer.
Writes about it edition of the Daily Express.
Experts concluded that drinking four or more servings of alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of developing cancer.
At the same time, the likelihood of developing the disease increases with an increase in the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, men who drink moderately have a higher risk of bowel cancer than women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact cause of the development of this type of oncology, noting only that certain factors lead to a process that is harmful to the body.
Thanks to the author for a decent material and photo.
Sergey, I see nothing wrong with selfishness and pride.
Just like you, you don’t see selfishness and pride in a man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to charge her with expenses and responsibility, and to enjoy the title of father at a safe distance.
Why do they work in the ministry, they belong in the circus.
I understand that everything should have been on a royal scale, but the model is very hypertrophied.
It’s hard to even imagine how poor Diana was stuffed into a carriage, and indeed any movement.
I was 12 years old and I remember watching the ceremony on TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful puffy dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I changed my mind about being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many, or rather all dog lovers are sure that these creatures are very smart.
But even they do not realize how developed four-legged pets are actually.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments in order to find out for sure how intelligence is developed in animals.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, a new study shows that a dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The works of scientists were published in Sciencealert.
Dogs cannot play chess or compose poetry, they do not understand anything about politics, economics and art, meanwhile they often manage to fool their owners.
Representatives of some breeds, experts say, show the best results in understanding the words of the human language, but there are still not enough statistical data for accurate conclusions.
So, some breeds are traditionally considered canine geniuses - for example, Labradors.
Scientists came to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and in terms of learning ability are not inferior to a two-year-old child.
Mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
Mattress on an independent spring block TFK with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent TFK block.
This is a reliable modern design of 512 independent springs per bed.
Each spring is in a separate bag and has no effect on the neighboring ones.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person assumes a natural form during sleep.
The springs are insulated from the upper layers with thermal felt for strength.
On top of the felt are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and excellent properties.
One side is padded with a thin layer of natural seven-zone latex.
This natural filler has 7 comfort zones, contributes to the perception of a person's weight, and has a slight massage effect.
The Antistress cover is made of velour, quilted at 250 g hallcon per sq. meter.
It is pleasant to the touch and externally, has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a prime example is Axel's Taumatiht deep-sea anglerfish.
Some of its victims are so great that they cause the death of the anglerfish.
He simply cannot swallow them, and his teeth do not allow him to spit out too much prey back into the water.
If you are indifferent to the fate of your real estate in the amount of four objects, then why did you decide that your objects are of interest to someone and he will take care of them?
Today, the law fully allows you to manage your property.
Manage yourself if you don't like how others do it.
In Ukraine, prepared for the bargaining of the United States and Russia
The United States and Russia will "bargain" over Ukraine's entry into NATO, analyst Oleksandr Kochetkov said in his article for Glavred.
In his opinion, Washington and Moscow are planning to continue negotiations in the near future on guarantees from the United States that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries "to join anywhere."
If you are offered something obviously unacceptable, well, for example, to sell a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not bargain, but simply send the offerer.
And in relation to Ukraine, bargaining is planned," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks a dialogue with Kyiv.
"Preparation is carried out covertly, quickly and they immediately proceed to offensive actions, and do not wait until the group is discovered and deployed by counter-forces," he said.
China stimulates the development of the railway transport industry
China's advanced technology attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the 2021 China International Rail Transport and Equipment Exhibition held in Zhuzhou City, Hunan Province / Central China /.
Core technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd., allow trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical problems, said company spokesman Hou Zhaowen.
The high-speed trains on the China-Laos railway line, which went into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will improve the reliability and availability of the rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased the export of rail vehicles, and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed."
In May this year, CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd rolled off the first Chinese-designed high-speed electric trains for export to Europe.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, trial operation of the metro train developed by the above-named company for Turkey began.
The train will move along the metro line connecting the center of Istanbul with the city's airport.
This metro line will be opened to traffic next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey with a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"China's railway equipment industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness," said Feng Yaoxiang, head of the trade and investment department of the China Committee for the Promotion of International Trade (CCIMT).
"This industry is the main competitive advantage of Chinese high-end equipment manufacturing in the global market," said Feng Yaoxiang.
After more than 60 years of hard work, through a series of independent research and development, China has established an advanced railway equipment manufacturing system, with a complete set of auxiliary facilities and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoxiang, the country ranks first in terms of railway electrification and operating mileage on high-speed and urban railways.
Biologist lists early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin, in an interview with radio Sputnik, listed the early signs of dementia.
According to him, the signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a number of mild cognitive impairments, such as inability to concentrate, plan, and reduce the level of abstract thinking.
Currently, there is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence, the expert said.
Golosheikin emphasized that neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, certain infections, metabolic disorders, and lack of certain vitamins can be the causes of dementia.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and cerebral atherosclerosis are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that today doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
According to him, learning foreign languages and active communication will help reduce the risk of developing dementia.
WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly training cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking.
"There are recommendations for the use of various dietary supplements, but their effectiveness and expediency are still being discussed in the scientific community," Golosheikin said.
"The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking," Golosheikin said.
The UK dementia research charity said earlier that the disease is increasingly affecting people over the age of 40.
Doctors called the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first alarming sign can be considered problems with vision, due to which the patient acquires difficulties in recognizing objects.
Another sign of developing dementia, experts called aphasia - a condition when a person cannot find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
Neurologist demanded to send Saakashvili for treatment abroad
Former President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili needs neuropsychiatric treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze, who is a member of the council of doctors created under the Georgian Ombudsman, told reporters.
His [Saakashvili's] neurological status is leading in his illness.
Stable problems are problems with movement, coordination, variability of character," the specialist said, noting that this does not go beyond the normative framework and now the ex-president needs to be sent for special rehabilitation.
"We call this neurorehabilitation and psychoneurological rehabilitation, the possibility of which we did not find in Georgia," Toidze said, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution, which is not in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began sabotaging medical care after he was disciplined by prison officials.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to cancel the punishment and restore himself to his former rights.
Alexandra, "Do you also take money for this?" I wonder where these people come from...
is it normal to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we feed on prana?
There is another side of the coin here.
These people are parasites on the body of society.
They do not work, do not pay taxes, live on benefits and at the expense of their relatives.
At the same time, they receive full medical care.
How many mouths can a worker feed?
We feed all drunks, drug addicts, who also lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we are surprised at the extension of the retirement age.
These amounts could be spent on the treatment of really sick people.
Of course, the red flag of Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and should not be confused with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it will never again be able to be state.
It's time for the author to tie up with provocative articles, it's time for the Reds to calm down and start living a normal life, and not the past.
Spain protests against COVID-19 passports
In the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, protests were held against the mandatory certificate of vaccination against COVID-19, reports Europa Press.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action was approximately 3 thousand people.
In Barcelona, COVID passports have become mandatory to go to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and nightlife venues.
Many demonstrators came to the rally without masks.
With slogans on their posters, they accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respect for the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination passports will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
The protesters in this city declared a medical dictatorship, and called vaccination an experiment.
Since the beginning of the pandemic, more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been detected in Spain, more than 88 thousand patients have died.
In Russia, it is also planned to introduce restrictions for the unvaccinated.
The government submitted bills on a unified system of QR codes to the State Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to visit venues for mass events, cultural institutions, catering and retail facilities with the presentation of either a certificate of vaccination or a past disease, or a medical exemption from vaccination.
The same rules will apply to travel by train and plane.
Brazier Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast with glass lid.
Roaster cast with non-stick coating Anthracite TM Tradition.
The ware is intended for daily use in house conditions.
The exceptional strength and durability of the non-stick coating, equivalent to the resistance of natural stone, is designed specifically for intensive everyday use.
Thick die-cast body.
Five-layer non-stick coating system of the latest generation.
Premium coating reinforced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection against sticking.
It has good non-stick properties for easy and pleasant cooking of healthy meals without oil and fat.
At least 4000 thousand cooking cycles, subject to the rules of operation.
Suitable for all types of hob except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each product is 4 years (4 years for the case and 1 year for the non-stick coating, subject to the rules of operation).
Free from PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Pots and roasters can be used in the oven without the glass lid.
Ease of washing.
Logically, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and rarely gets sick (once or twice a year with SARS), then his immunity is normal.
In general, doctors do not recommend any immunomodulators for prevention in principle.
The immune system is supported by a healthy diet and exercise regimen.
Based on this, vaccination against influenza and this covid is meaningless.
Anti-aerosol filter 3M 5925.
Degree of protection FFP2, 2 pcs.
Art. no. 713946.
Replacement filter brand FFP2 for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Provides protection of the user's respiratory tract from various substances in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions where the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used for bacteria/virus protection together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The FFP2 protection class has an MPC value of more than 0.05 mg / cu. m3, at a maximum pollutant concentration of 12 x MPC.
Respirators of this protection class are capable of retaining at least 94% of harmful substances.
Pre-filters are attached to gas filters using a 3M 501 holder.
Features: low breathing resistance.
Doesn't obstruct the view.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Provides compatibility with other PPE required in difficult working conditions.
The bulging eyes of the "constitutional monarch", judging by the network, got not only me.
And this family PR - children, father ...
Revva somehow seemed to me no.
He only knew that to pester the Hare - Batrukha and Batrukha.
Well, I found out, I said once, and be silent, let your friend prove himself, that's why they fought.
Steep climb: how the Chinese become skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create world-class resorts in the country
China hopes that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million people to winter sports, which will raise the 1 trillion yuan designated by President Xi Jinping, but will also contribute to the economic development of backward outlying provinces.
The Taiwu Ski Resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the Winter Olympics, is becoming increasingly popular with the Chinese.
In addition to infrastructure construction, landscaping work is also carried out in the region: workers plant trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
In many regions of China where resorts are located, including Zhangjiakou, there are problems with snow.
The main task for the long term is to provide a comfortable and interesting holiday in Chinese resorts, so that all newcomers become regulars.
However, this is still a long way off.
Games advisor Justin Downes says the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition since his last visit in 2007.
Every year more and more Chinese go to the slopes in winter.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
Despite major changes, it will take many more years to establish a ski culture here, says Downs.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions have yet to be actively developed and the infrastructure necessary for recreation needs to be created there.
Gao Makong, 70, lives in Chunli, close to the Winter Olympics.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chongli, and now not a single one of the locals suffers without work.
More and more shops selling clothes and equipment for winter sports are opening in the country.
Catering outlets with dishes of national cuisine are opened on the slopes.
Taiwan now even has a COVID-19 testing station.
China aims to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes to become leaders in major international competitions, and its resorts and equipment to reach world-class levels.
More than 500 million people around the world could face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, says WHO
More than 500 million people around the world could be plunged into extreme poverty due to the coronavirus pandemic, which has stalled humanity's progress towards universal health care, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB) have said.
On the occasion of December 12, International Day for Universal Health Coverage, WHO and the World Bank have published two complementary reports.
In them, they stated that the pandemic led to disruptions in the provision of medical services, caused excessive stress in health care systems.
In this regard, for the first time in 10 years, the coverage of the population with immunization has decreased, and mortality from tuberculosis and malaria has increased.
The WHO and World Bank stressed that the pandemic caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, making it harder for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than 500 million people "into extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services out of their own pocket."
In October, UN Secretary-General António Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic had pushed more than 100 million people into poverty, with more than four billion people having little to no social support.
Planer Makita KP0810
Official Makita dealer.
The powerful motor is ideal for folding.
Light weight and excellent balance.
Use of both standard and reversible mini blades.
Simple quick blade installation system.
New ergonomic body design, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the effect of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped grooves for chamfering of various sizes.
Choice of sawdust removal system: left or right.
Wife, this is meat from a fur-cutter.
The crap is terrible.
We've already had enough of bats and pangolins, and we've started on jellyfish.
Oh, how many wonderful discoveries can be prepared for us by moles, praying mantises, some kind of lemmings.
Reuters: Taiwanese minister cut off from 'Democracy Summit' broadcast at White House request
Taiwan's Digital Minister Audrey Tan's panel discussion at the US-sponsored "Summit for Democracy" has been switched to no video mode, YouTube footage of the summit shows.
Reuters, citing sources, claims that the picture was turned off at the request of the White House.
According to them, the reason was the map, on which Taiwan was highlighted in a separate color from China, which considers the island its territory.
The map that Ms. Tang was showing was compiled by the South African NGO CIVICUS and ranked the countries of the world in terms of civil rights.
Taiwan was highlighted in green as "free", while China, North Korea, Laos and Vietnam were highlighted in red as "closed".
After the minister showed the map, the picture on her side was replaced with a screenshot with the note that the opinions of the panellists "do not necessarily represent the position of the US government."
China was not invited to the Democracy Summit.
Reuters sources note that the map shown by the Taiwanese minister could run counter to the "one China" policy pursued by Washington.
One agency source said that after the map was shown, the US National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The Washington-sponsored "Summit for Democracy" was held from December 9 to 10 with the participation of representatives from 110 countries and territories, as well as civil associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" of the summit, the Nobel Peace Prize winner, editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta Dmitry Muratov called for the creation of an international fund through which money obtained through corruption would be donated to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation Yuri Averyanov said that the summit carried an "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge."
They give you information as if they are preparing food, and there is rotten meat everywhere, in fact, the meat remains with the butcher to the last piece.
Classics of journalism - to create news out of nothing.
They do not boil meat, but horns and hooves, obtaining a substance such as glue.
The finished product looks like a yellow translucent strip, almost odorless and hard like plastic, it is used as natural gelatin.
In general, harmful substances from waste processing are no less than from its decomposition.
But it saves companies a lot of money.
Therefore, a fairy tale about ecology was invented for suckers, who will also work on garbage collection for free for the idea.
Personally, my contribution to the environment is the refusal to purchase unnecessary and long-term use of things.
If I go beyond - I do not throw it away, but give it to charity.
Football shorts Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016, white/black (XL).
Description: football shorts are perfect for playing football and playing sports.
Shorts have a straight fit.
Wide waistband with adjustable drawstring for a comfortable fit.
The fabric is strong, durable, lightweight and breathable to meet the demands of the game at any level.
The updated brand logo is on the left side.
The shorts are packed in a convenient reusable bag with a zipper.
Stylish appearance, straight fit, wide waistband with drawstring, strong durable fabric, good breathability.
Characteristics.
Crawl into specialties that allow you to work over the Internet.
Many of us get out by the fact that they work for an uncle, but abroad.
But because of the difference in currencies, it is beneficial for us.
Relative to other countries, we are still beggars.
Of course, you will have to learn different garbage, but... networking allows you not to depend on the internal labor market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And those that create - yes, you won’t earn much on them.
Table set "Egoist-unity" with gilding (4 items).
The "Royal Childhood" collection is one of the widest and most famous collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and pacifiers, drinkers and mugs.
All children's silver appliances undergo strict quality control.
Ecological silver produced directly at the factory, careful manual polishing with cotton rollers make the products absolutely safe for the child.
Due to the disinfectant function of silver, regular use of silver appliances can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some of the typical childhood illnesses.
The factory specialists received a grant for the use of a complex but very beautiful guilloche technique, which was used by the famous Carl Faberge.
This made it possible to create surprisingly bright and voluminous images on products.
The collection is full of cute characters that will become true friends for the child.
Inka Squirrel, everything will be fine.
There is a second lung.
The lung tissue regenerates well, if not all are removed, the remaining share will grow.
If this is a pulmonectomy, then the second lung will become larger over time and will function for two.
Try to breathe deeply yourself, fathers are stronger than daughters, they don’t really like tears.
Don't cry too early.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
Blue Origin's New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, broadcast on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended to Earth, TASS reports.
The launch of the carrier rocket was carried out from the cosmodrome near the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to a height of just over 100 km, space tourists were in a state of weightlessness.
The launch vehicle itself landed on a regular basis at the site of the cosmodrome.
On July 20, Blue Origin successfully completed the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard with passengers on board.
SKETCHES OF A RURAL MUSCOVITE.
Don’t put it all in one pile - there are bad people, you may have claims against them on a specific occasion ...
but what does the number of children, age, pension fund, and so on have to do with it?
Write that they are "bastards, did not return the money."
But how many and when they have children is none of your business until they gather to hang these children around your neck.
And since this is out of the question, what right do you have to condemn them?
Maybe it's just in education...
Elected (by themselves) parents dictate their own rules, frankly spitting on the existing ones.
And what if this applies to other spheres of life, legal proceedings, etc.?
Laws are not written for them.
And if dad still introduces his method of upbringing and education?
Some kind of horror and a very bad example for others.
Embroidery kit "Feathered stars" DESIGN WORKS 2719.
Kit contents: 14 ct navy blue Aida canvas, floss, sequins, sequins, needle, chart, instructions.
The production of Design Works began in 1987 and is still popular all over the world.
Many motifs are worked out by such a famous designer as Ronald West.
Design Works cross stitch kits come with quality Aida canvas, 100% cotton floss and #24 tapestry needle.
Also in the assortment you will find sets for embroidery on plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, runners and tablecloths and much more.
China steps up COVID-19 epidemic prevention and control in cities with land crossings
The Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular ordering to strengthen the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land crossings are located in order to further prevent the importation of infection from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must provide a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test result obtained within 48 hours prior to departure.
Travelers to cities with land crossings must take at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be in effect from the day when the respective provincial-level administrative divisions determine and publish the zones of the specified cities, until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities that have land crossings and that meet certain conditions may consider creating buffer zones for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisiya Sokolova, as usual, Russian women are drawn to the eastern ethnic group based on Indian films, which were only shown in cinemas in Russia.
In the west, no one watched this nonsense with the natives.
And how many such cities and villages are forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Spring mattress Vivre Custom family, 140x195, article: 5110704.
The composition of the layers of the mattress RelaxFoam 2 cm: aloe latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
Cover - jersey Splendid.
Knitted fabric made of cotton has a special design.
The base is braided with special synthetic threads, which provide special strength and softness of the material.
The honeycomb weave structure supports natural thermoregulation and moisture removal during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, 230 gsm m.
Mattress Dimax OK Basis, size 130x185.
Spring orthopedic mattress OK Basis is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The practical filler Balance Foam gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time leaves the price at a budget level.
This product is the best combination of price and quality.
Foam Balance is a modern material that is obtained from PPU.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
That is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much more stringent than Russian ones.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedicity: the material maintains the correct position of a person throughout the entire sleep time.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has acquired a stiffness below the average level, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be quite soft.
The main bearing block in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for the content of independent springs; 256 elements per square meter are immediately located here.
The practical block can withstand weight up to 100 kg per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, enhancing the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
The manufacturer provides a choice between a spring block with a height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final cost.
Be sure to indicate your preferences when ordering to the store operator.
The mattress is delivered in a knitted cover, together with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is not removable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Sconce Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Perfect for spaces like the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting device is supplied in color: gold.
The luminaire uses lamps with E14 base.
The total power allows you to illuminate approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this luminaire for rooms decorated in the "Classic" style.
The Foreign Ministry spoke about the "sad conclusion" in relations between Russia and the United States
Deputy Foreign Minister of Russia Sergei Ryabkov, in an interview with Izvestia, assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long way of interaction led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not start yesterday.
There is one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of some prospect of improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion from the long journey that we have come with the current administration, and with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday," the diplomat said.
According to Ryabkov, the problem is connected with the desire of the United States to impose approaches on Russia on a variety of issues.
The Deputy Foreign Minister added that he would not risk giving optimistic forecasts about the prospects for improving relations and would not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that, with the exception of areas such as strategic stability and cybersecurity, there is no progress.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach in matters of international security and hopes that the signals will be heard and the Americans will heed the arguments of common sense.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, at a meeting with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken, said that Moscow was ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
Virologist warns of the dangers of vaccinating with a nasal preparation against COVID outside hospitals
Those vaccinated with the nasal vaccine against COVID-19 may develop allergies and need medical attention, so the first points for vaccination with this drug should not be organized at airports and shopping centers.
This was announced to TASS by a virologist, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the laboratory of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virology of Novosibirsk State University Sergey Netesov.
It is easier to organize nasal vaccination points at airports and shopping centers, but at first I would do it only in medical institutions.
The fact is that there is a probability of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is small, but it is desirable that the person then sit next to the doctor's office.
Doctors have special sets of anti-allergic drugs that work in just a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary," Netesov said.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping centers when experience is gained in using the drug.
He also emphasized that when using a nasal vaccine, it is important that it gets on the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
At the same time, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the person vaccinated with nasal congestion blows his nose after injection.
Painting by numbers on canvas, anime "the blade that cuts demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring by numbers is interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many people love to draw, but sometimes they lack the ability or skills.
This simple, but very exciting activity allows you to relax, realize your creative potential and create masterpieces with your own hands.
There are a lot of unusual pictures and "unhackneyed" stories in the assortment!
We develop actual stories on our own and try to make you happy with the result!
Everything is very simple!
When painting, the contours applied to the canvas will not "float", they will not dissolve with water.
Each segment is numbered so as not to get lost in the colors.
The picture in finished form will become a bright element of the situation, a highlight of the interior, attracting attention at first sight.
But this picture was not painted by some artist.
You drew it yourself.
With my own hands!
Serbia produced 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian Sputnik V vaccine, Nenad Popovich, Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of the country, told TASS.
"The Torlak State Institute has so far produced about 2 million doses of the Sputnik V vaccine, and we expect that at least 4 million will be produced in the coming period," Popovich stated.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among the Serbs.
In this regard, the republic plans to make an additional purchase of a million doses of vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production of the Sputnik V nasal vaccine and the Sputnik Light drug on the territory of the state.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that the Russian Federation had delivered almost two million doses of domestic vaccine against coronavirus infection Sputnik V to Serbia.
Lama, they say, the true believers make up the church.
Whether these true believers exist or not, we cannot know.
Each of us would like to be such a true believer, and each of us tries to be one.
But no one should say either about himself or about those who believe just like him, that they are the only true believers.
Because if they can say to themselves that they are true believers, then others can say exactly the same.
Mattress Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145x190.
Mattress Prime Orto S1000 with different firmness sides, total mattress height 22 cm.
The maximum allowable load per bed is up to 150 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is in a separate fabric pocket, which allows the springs to properly distribute the load on the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt is added to separate the fillings of the mattress and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 3 cm high, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress, a layer of coconut coir 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm is added.
Natural latex has anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The mattress cover is made of cotton jacquard quilted on environmentally friendly material Hollcon.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, does not allow microorganisms, dust mites and microbes to develop.
The mattress is equipped with four comfortable turning handles, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress along the perimeter is additionally reinforced with an artificial latex frame, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., Remind me, please, what style was the marathon at the 2021 World Cup?
Do you see the track where the participants of the race should finish in the classical style?
Attention, the question is - what is Klebo doing to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get on the track if he was walking behind at the turn in front of the target?
A "best finisher" at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It's been a long time...
I was, but in fact still was not a driver.
I had my driving license, but I didn't know how to drive.
They offered to go to MAZ 250 km one way!
Young, stupid, agreed.
The owner is nearby, sips vodka, I'm going.
First, like a king, he took the center line!
A column formed up behind me.
Missed.
Then the power steering belt broke.
Then the traffic cops stopped us.
There was an organized convoy, and their car broke down.
Needs to be towed.
The owner of the MAZ explained that he was drunk, the driver was inexperienced.
And to him - what kind of drunk are you?
You don't stumble, you don't fall.
Ahead of us with flashing lights and forward!
In my opinion, it doesn’t come out of the advertisement, whether he should grieve.
Pevtsov about the same thing: about the return of the retirement age.
For a long time already all budgets have been drawn up taking into account the billions that were not received by pre-pensioners.
Who tells them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1239 cases of omicron-strain of coronavirus were recorded per day - Teller Report Teller Report
In the UK, 1239 cases of infection with a new omicron strain of coronavirus were detected per day.
This is reported by Sky News.
In particular, 1196 new cases of the Omicron strain were recorded in England, 38 people fell ill with a new type of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 from a new strain in the UK has reached 3137 people.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, in a pessimistic forecast, calculated that 75,000 people could die in England by April due to an outbreak of coronavirus caused by the Omicron strain.
Peskov warned of the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Press Secretary of the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in the event of the continuation of "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including because of the alleged "invasion" of the country's territory.
"It is impossible to introduce any restrictions against Russia and not experience suffering yourself," the official representative of the Kremlin said on the air of the Rossiya 1 TV channel.
Peskov claims that "everyone in the world understands this."
Earlier it was reported that the United States is considering the possibility of imposing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as a last resort.
In addition, Washington and the European Union are planning to impose restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars in relation to Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, the head of Sberbank German Gref is sure that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - accordingly adequate comments!
Something from these simple to sickening recipes is already sickening.
Looks like they've run out of ideas.
Even in the distant times of childhood, my mother baked delicious pies and cakes, and it never occurred to me to compare a piece of bread smeared with jam with a cake.
Xenia, you do not need to convey anything to my mind, my mind must figure it out on its own!
"The inability of the mind, divided with the Spirit to perceive" - is that you What?!
Imagine that you need to explain this on your fingers to an unintelligent child, how will you do it ?!
(Please note that a child under 3-5 years old still has channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you!)
New Caledonians reject idea of independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, the vast majority of participants refused to secede from France.
This was announced on December 12 by the French TV channel BFM.TV.
96.5% of those who voted were against independence.
Supported independence from France 3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific.
The results of 2.99% of the ballots were annulled.
The level of participation in voting that day was very low: about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polling stations.
According to experts, the low turnout is due to calls by separatists to refuse to participate in the referendum because of the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, New Caledonians voted against independence from France in a referendum.
In 2018, the region already held a referendum on independence.
Most of the inhabitants supported the fact that the archipelago was part of France.
New Caledonia is located almost 20 thousand kilometers from mainland France.
In 1853, France claimed New Caledonia as its own.
About 270 thousand people live in the archipelago, the territory is endowed with a special administrative-territorial status.
There is a 1998 agreement between Paris and the administration of New Caledonia, according to which the region can organize a vote on its independence twice with a difference of two years.
Boris, if you don't know history, don't write.
The name of the city Arsk comes from the Bulgaro-Tatar word "artysh" (juniper).
Udmurts (Ars in Tatar) live in the northern regions of the Baltasinsky and Kukmorsky districts.
The Udmurts are wonderful, hardworking people, they have preserved their language, they live in friendship with the Tatars, they know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don’t know your age, but I want to tell you that the Motherland just won’t leave.
Fools yelling "cheerful slogans" will quit.
I tell you this with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't spit in the well, you might have to drink some water!
WHO tentatively considers "omicron" less dangerous than "delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) tentatively believes that "omicron" is less dangerous than the delta strain of coronavirus.
At the same time, there is evidence of a decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines in case of a disease with a new variant of COVID-19.
As of December 9, Omicron is registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and a significantly altered protein antigenic profile of the Omicron strain suggest reduced vaccine efficacy against infection and transmission of the variant.
According to preliminary findings from South Africa, it is assumed that it (“severity of the disease” - ed.) may be less severe than with “delta,” the WHO technical report says.
The organization notes that so far all reported cases of omicron infection in the EU are mild or asymptomatic.
However, the new strain, according to preliminary data, is spreading faster than the "delta".
Two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been registered in Russia.
They "were previously immunized," the Gamaleya Center reported.
The head of Rospotrebnadzor, Anna Popova, said that so far there is no reliable evidence that the new version of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the rest.
In fact, the lack of sun for us, southern people, is very critical.
For 10 days spent in St. Petersburg one day in November, we saw the sun for the first time when our plane flying back took off above the clouds.
Then I only realized what I was missing all the time in beautiful St. Petersburg.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To taste what he did not know from his birth - to drink space with his eyes, mouth and skin!
Who sees only water in the ocean,
He does not notice the mountains on earth.
Your world of adventure +7 905 989 9172 What's App
Siberian Expeditions - we are able to spoil even the worst mood for you!
Svetlana S., no, no, they don’t give in.
If your loved one, with whom you are going to live your whole life, does not give in to your requests, then he is a parasite who does not want to give in return as much as he takes.
And the problem of women is that they themselves slowly, slowly take everything upon themselves.
And who is to blame here if she grabbed the tug herself?
Four scenarios for Zelensky named in Ukraine
Former deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko listed four options for the development of events for the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may be left without the support of the West, and also, perhaps, he will make compromises on the Donbass.
On Sunday, December 12, Denisenko said in a publication on the Glavred portal.
The first option, which Denisenko called the "perfect storm", assumes that key Western countries will no longer support Ukraine, having reached an agreement on the future of the country without its participation.
This development will contribute to a deep crisis that Kyiv may face in 2023.
"At the same time, there is a decrease in prices for key goods that we traditionally export <...> internal protests and confrontation between the authorities and key FIGs (financial and industrial groups. - Ed.)," the ex-MP added.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario for the development of the situation - "a war against everyone."
This forecast will come true in the event of high turbulence in world politics, in which the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Because of this state of affairs, the leadership of Ukraine may make compromises on Donbass, as a result of which confrontation within the country is possible.
At the end of summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, the likelihood of such a situation, according to the former people's deputy, is up to 50-55%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is a confrontation between groups of the population and the president who disagree with Zelensky, which is why it is likely to seize control of the power bloc and implement "populist initiatives."
During this version of the crisis, Zelensky will begin "reformatting power," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is the transformation of Zelensky into the "father of the nation."
This can lead to some event that will be a strong shock to society.
"The event should be large enough to provoke a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
This version of the development of the situation is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a man-made disaster or Russia's aggressive actions, the ex-deputy believes.
At the same time, the Russian side has more than once rejected any possibility of an "attack" on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that are increasing military activity near the Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, data from a poll by the Rating sociological group showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to record lows, amounting to 19.3%.
This is the lowest figure since his election as head of state.
Analysts predicted a situation in which, in the event of the next presidential elections in Ukraine, only 21.8% would vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% would vote for the ex-president of the country Petro Poroshenko.
At the same time, among all respondents, only 19.3% expressed support for the president.
Shower system KAISER Sena (74182)
The shower system KAISER Sena (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in work, this is also confirmed by numerous customer reviews on third-party Internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also get a guarantee on our part for the quality and performance of the product.
We carry out delivery by transport companies throughout Russia and to any region.
If you find any defects, we will refund the full price paid by you without any problems.
When you call the operator, you can get a personal discount on this product.
When buying, please leave a review about the use.
Thanks to the author for the story about the great athlete, I didn’t know that Elena Shushunova died, it’s very upsetting to find out.
I remember how I rooted for her at the Seoul Olympics, for us, the inhabitants of Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, real time.
Such intensity of passions, emotions went off scale, I remember the joy when Elena won.
They also rejoiced at other victories, as they rooted for Salnikov, for the football players, for all the then Soviet athletes.
I once saw a documentary on TV about one of the Central American countries, and there watermelons were rolled up the ladder on board the ship like barrels.
The watermelons were enormous.
I myself worked many times in my youth harvesting and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and did not meet watermelons weighing more than a pood.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from melons and not earlier than the beginning of August.
Balconette bra with soft lace cups (size: 90E, beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, article: 12008).
Bra-balconette with soft lace cups, on the frames.
The lower part of the cup is reinforced with an inelastic transparent fabric.
The lateral inner part of the cup, in the area of sewing on the straps, is reinforced with an inelastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of the lace can be appreciated thanks to the scalloped neckline and under the bust.
Vertical boning on the single layer microfiber side panels keeps the fabric from curling at large sizes.
I didn’t like the article very much, angry, poisonous.
Walked through people about whom you know nothing.
But now many people like it, they decompose people into atoms.
I hope that those who comment with honor and decency have everything in the right way and they are experts in everything.
In Moscow in the evening you will think 100 times whether to go to the store alone, migrants are everywhere, there are crowds of them.
They consider themselves owners.
Are you serious about child benefits and pensions?
Benefits are cheap and pay them up to a maximum of 3 years, pensions are 12,000, someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetics have long been paid and very expensive.
People are like from another planet.
In France, it's bad, but in our country it's excellent?
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact texture, comfortable elasticity and rigidity, wear resistance and durability properties.
The product of the brand "Beautyson" from the "Sens" series is intended for a healthy sleep for people suffering from diseases of the joints and the vascular system.
The design ensures uniform distribution of the load over the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The basis of the mattress Buttison Sens Hard S600 mini Sint is an independent spring block S600 mini with a reduced height of the springs.
Beautyson uses spunbond, coconut coir and polyurethane foam as internal fillers.
Spunbond serves as an intermediate insulating layer between soft materials and springs.
Orthopedic foam with carbon impregnation is decorated on the surface with figured cutting, which provides a micro-massage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high moisture exchange and breathability characteristics.
The outer case for the mattress is made of dense jacquard with synthetic fibres.
The material is strong and durable, does not wear out and does not require complex maintenance.
A poet arrested for a protest on Red Square: "They give 10 days for a quote from Yevtushenko, here it is, the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, the 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was arrested for ten days.
A HSE student was detained on Red Square with a poster with the hashtag #a poet in Russia is more than a poet.
This quote belongs to the writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up against Alexander under an administrative article on repeated violation of the procedure for holding a public action.
The first time he was detained on January 23 at Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
"The goal was to draw attention to poetry in general, now interest in it, unfortunately, has been lost, to the decline of the common culture in Russia and also a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag," Alexander explains.
We contacted the young poet to find out the circumstances of the detention and reveal the message of his message in more detail.
How did the police treat you during your arrest this time and before?
What did they ask in the department, how did they comment on your action?
This time, the employees were more correct, the detention was maximum, polite, no matter how ridiculous it may sound in some context of the word.
On Pushkinskaya, the riot police took and took it hard.
Asked standardly, about motives.
When they heard, in principle, they looked, if not approvingly, then understandingly.
With the exception of the monkey house blown on all 4 sides, everything was extremely correct, but I knew what I was doing.
And if, after the action, under this hashtag, at least a few people begin to write their own poems, I will not spend these 10 days in vain.
Maxim, according to the protocol, in private, speak at least the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
And at public and official events, they speak the language of those around them, so that everyone can understand what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through an interpreter.
This is a protocol and nothing more, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks excellent Russian and nevertheless resorts to the help of an interpreter.
And even at official events, a transcript is kept in the old fashioned way with a fountain pen, and the stenographer is not required to know several languages.
If you don't want a lot of words, say no!
And so much water.
Well, to go as a tourist for six months "to the Andes, then to Nepal."
Before that, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And gradually sell these shares by opening an account in any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but in a currency less dependent on the US, such as Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
However, this is not all that keeps Americans in the United States.
Keeps their confidence that the US is better than anywhere else.
That's how they are raised.
Hansgrohe Quattro mechanism for three outlets (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: flush-mounted mechanism; appointment: for the mixer, for a bathtub, for a shower; embedded systems: yes; mounting type: built-in (into the wall); case material: brass; concealed mounting mechanism: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's article: 15930180; barcode: 4011097345239.
Additional information: pressure regulator required; scope of delivery: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; simultaneous inclusion of 2 consumers (showers) is possible; fits all Quattro exterior kits; water flow: 65 l/min.
Researchers reveal how potatoes help fight age-related disorders
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and minerals that help improve blood circulation and lower cholesterol levels.
The root contains B vitamins, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
All these elements help the body's systems to function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Due to the high content of fiber, it is good for the gastrointestinal tract, and with regular use, it can also help in the prevention of hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, the root crop is best stewed or boiled, rather than fried in oil.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes can be dangerous for diabetics, like other foods with a high glycemic index.
These are carbohydrate foods that quickly break down into sugars, such as sugar, sugary soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the Kommersant newspaper warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a reduction in its production in private farms and an increase in processing capacity.
According to market participants, the shortage of products at the moment can only be replaced by imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from the issuance of "Yandex"
Relegation Candidates
In 2015, the rights holders from the RAEC/Media cluster compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate sites on the Runet, and most of them ceased to exist, says Karen Kazaryan, director general of the Internet Research Institute.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive thanks to, among other things, regular domain name changes, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series "The Squid Game" and "Tenderness" directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of ivi, the largest video service in Russia (part of AIV ).
On Kinogo, which is also available in the search engine results, you can watch the animated novelty "Encanto", but judging by the quality of the video, this is the so-called screen (a pirated copy of the film shot at the cinema).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the series "Univer. 10 Years Later" by the TNT channel (part of Gazprom-Media) is available.
Svetlana M., I'm sorry, of course, but I wouldn't care if my son is offended by his mother or not.
If we have some kind of misunderstanding going on, it’s better not to intervene at all, an estimate on our way.
Well, of course, that this rarely happens.
Bra with soft cups without frames and front fastener coffee 135I GI1265.
The T-back is reinforced on the inside with crossed cotton and Lycra elastic bands.
The bra is made of microfiber combined with mesh fabric for breathability.
Cotton-lined cups for a comfortable fit.
Unique Magiclift design (criss-crossing underbust and décolleté support panels) to lift, separate and support the bust.
Wide comfortable shoulder straps lined with micro-pile are adjustable at the back.
Lyudmila, advanced space technology is now in China.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
"This idea developed by the Poles" - it would be more correct to say that Poland only reworked the idea of 1776 for itself, but developed it quite effectively.
Actually, the slogan "Outskirts - not Russia" appeared in 1848.
Which, in general, does not really change the essence.
I watched her interview, the girl said that her biggest dream is for her wings to grow, dad constantly pulls her up.
Well, it's all very doubtful.
Well, I entered the university, and what's next?
Wall lamp Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
A wide circle, framed by "molecules" of light, provides the most uniform and bright illumination of the space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose its relevance and allows you to favorably place accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is the weightlessness of the design.
Due to the thin, almost invisible cables, which are adjustable in height, it creates the feeling that the chandelier is floating in the air.
Metallic gold fittings and matte white miniature shades will easily complement any palette, and the pendant chandelier and sconces presented in the collection will become a ready-made ensemble for lighting a living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, the taste and color, as they say.
I really liked Tarragon, not the current one, of course.
The juices poured from high glass cylinders were very tasty.
Three servings of syrup is too much for my taste.
Two were just right.
Mattress Dimax Micro Ultimate, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient in that it has two surfaces that are different in terms of softness - high rigidity and slightly more than average.
The composition of the product includes only high-quality and premium fillers, which have proven themselves exclusively from the best side.
Springs: in the center of the model there is a block of independent springs "micropackage".
This means that there are 2000 spirals per bed, which work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives a unique point adjustment.
"Micropackage" is the highest frequency of the entire variety of spring blocks "Dimaks", therefore it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillers: combinations of coir and natural latex layers are installed above and below the springs.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface has latex, then the other has coconut coir.
Such a tandem of fillers has long been a classic, since it transfers to the mattress not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties.
If the coir provides proper back support, then the latex gives the adaptation of the surface to the human body.
Pouch: Model comes with a quilted Aloe Vera knitted pouch.
At the request of the client, it can be made both removable and stationary.
The total height of the product is 27 cm, the recommended load per bed is 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: the warranty period is 3 years.
The mattress has received all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its complete safety and reliability in operation.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Estonian scientists will look for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in cooperation with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, Actual Camera reported on Sunday.
The goal of the missions starting in five years is to assess the habitability of the clouds of Venus, and then search for life there.
For the project, scientists from Tartu have proposed instruments for measuring the acidity and oxygen content in the clouds of Venus.
Until now, it has been assumed that the clouds of Venus, the planet closest to Earth, are too acidic for life to exist there, but Venus was probably originally an Earth-like planet.
During the third mission, a sample from Venus should arrive.
Suppose that if we find life there, then the main question will be whether it is similar to Earth or different.
If it is very similar, then it will be obvious that earthly life did not begin on Earth.
If it is different, then perhaps it will be more likely that life originated on Earth,” said Mihkel Pajusalu, head of the Estonian team of the Venus Life Finder project.
A hat, not a phone...
Six months to him, and the whole price ...
Tired of this Chinese nonsense...
They can't make a quality phone...
At least take it, my Samsung has already survived three of these (friends have already thrown them out) and will survive again!
Metaverses will change Russian business
The topic of the metaverses became popular this fall when Mark Zuckerberg announced the transformation of Facebook into Meta.
For the market, this event was an important signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
This means that businesses in Russia, as well as all over the world, will invest in the creation of their own metauniverses and their subsequent monetization.
Metaverses should be considered as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, the trend to create remote interactions in a pandemic, because people are tired of separation and restrictions.
On the other hand, this is a consequence of the desire of business to develop ecosystems and adapt operating models for them.
On the third, they are a logical continuation of the asset digitalization trend, when any rights, securities, works of art and even money are transferred to a digital format.
Anya, you are right, changing the diet is a conscious process.
When you start eating right, you no longer want something too fatty and harmful.
Of course, we will have a traditional Olivier and a herring under a fur coat for the holiday, but no one forces me to eat up everything at once.
You can eat a spoonful, try - and that's enough.
After all, there really are ten days off ahead, you can cook any tasty and healthy dishes.
And how much hellish work, time, money it took her in training.
And after completing 5 quarter jumps, she was left without gold.
And she also understands that she will not survive 4 years before the next Olympics, that is, she will never be an Olympic champion.
And those who did not just go in for sports or cannot imagine all the circles of hell that she went through, DO NOT GO WITH CONDEMNANCE.
The British economist was unable to give a forecast for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill was unable to provide a forecast for 2022, because, in his opinion, such attempts will turn into a failure.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change the turnover.
The coronavirus pandemic remains the most important factor, followed by inflation, he said.
O'Neill also admitted that he does not know if the increase in commodity prices is temporary or not.
As the specialist pointed out, even before the pandemic, it was clear that “the world of endless generosity of central banks has already outlived itself” and it is time to return to a relationship where interest rates adjusted for inflation will correlate with expected GDP growth rates.
O'Neill noted that, against the background of the pandemic, the continuation of the ultra-soft economic policy could, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as increasing poverty and climate change, O'Neill concluded.
Earlier, the head of the global research department at Otkritie Investments, Mikhail Shulgin, said that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate for 2022 remain, while the growth potential will be less significant.
Among the risks for the dollar, Shulgin called the Fed's monetary policy, oil price dynamics and fears amid the coronavirus pandemic.
Forced to agree.
But one thing pleases: if you compare yourself with yourself, then five years ago there were fewer containers.
Now it's better.
There is progress, but sluggish.
There is another problem: there are many environmental initiatives in cities, but people do not know about them.
All sorts of ecotaxi that pick up waste from home.
Yes, it’s a trite recycling center - it is used by the marginalized.
Rarely does anyone bring glass and metal there.
Well, the author...
Sausages "with cat meat" in Soviet factories?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well, yes, they are not tasty enough compared to Doshirak, I understand ...
And now I would have screwed up Soviet sweets with white filling.
There are no more.
They don't release "Pilot", and "Romashka" is not at all the same ...
Car floor mats EVA (rhombus) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
EVA car mats are made of high-quality Russian-made material.
The surface of the mats consists of diamond-shaped cells.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
Rugs do not absorb and do not pass moisture.
All dirt is evenly distributed over the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material from which the mats are made is elastic, wear-resistant, odorless.
Retains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 °C.
Rugs are unpretentious in operation and are suitable for year-round use.
EVA car mats cover the regular carpet as much as possible, closing the area for resting the left foot.
The rear row tunnel is covered with a rug.
The edging is made of heavy-duty automotive slings.
Mattress Dimax Practician Basis Plus B13 180x220 cm
Springless mattress Dimax (Dimaks) Practitioner Basis Plus v13 consists of a single type of filler.
This is a 13 cm high artificial latex slab.
Due to the characteristics of the material, the mattress has a symmetrical average stiffness of the sides.
The product is covered with a jacquard cover with quilting on a comfort layer, removable or non-removable type to choose from.
PPU is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PPU) are characteristics similar to the natural counterpart, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is resilient and elastic, but, unlike natural material, has greater rigidity.
It forms an anatomical surface of the mattress with high-quality support, which ensures a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
A quality mattress that is not afraid of temperature changes.
Anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for arranging a bed in the country or in a country house.
Its advantages also include universal medium firmness and a maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2 trillion 784 billion rubles on the purchase of new cars, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to statistics from the Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI) agency.
To understand the scale, approximately the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
Last September, at a meeting of the heads of state of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, President Vladimir Putin said that this amount is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
In terms of revenue in the Russian market, the Korean brand Kia is the leader.
For 10 months of this year, he managed to sell cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than a year earlier.
Kia's sister brand Hyundai has even more significant growth - more than 35%, and revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
This brand is also in the lead in terms of the increase in the weighted average price of a car - over the year for Hyundai it grew by almost 21%, to 1.94 million rubles - only Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz had a stronger dynamics of price increase.
At the same time, sales volumes of Korean brands did not grow so significantly: according to the statistics of the Automobile Manufacturers Committee of the Association of European Businesses in Russia, in quantitative terms, Kia sold 9.4% more cars over the same period than a year earlier.
Hyundai - by almost 12%.
Japanese Toyota closes the top three in terms of sales in terms of money - Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months, which is 14% more than a year earlier.
The Japanese are followed by Mercedes-Benz with an indicator of 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand increased both sales volume (by 37%) and the weighted average price of a car (almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles). ).
"Mercedes-Benz is simultaneously seeing good growth in sales and the weighted average price - more, for example, than BMW - hence the greater growth in financial capacity," explained Tatiana Arabadzhi, General Director of NAPI.
In terms of sales growth rates, Chinese brands are showing fantastic results, which also significantly increased their financial capacity this year."
The Russian Lada in terms of income growth dynamics demonstrates average market indicators (plus 28%), Russians spent 229.4 billion rubles on cars of this brand over 10 months.
At the level of last year in terms of financial capacity, there are companies whose car sales in pieces fell in 2021: in particular, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ is completely in the red - for 10 months, the Russians spent 12 billion rubles on SUVs and pickups of this brand against 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the backdrop of problems with the supply of auto components and interruptions in production that have engulfed the entire global auto industry, auto companies continue to continuously adjust prices - the same AvtoVAZ increased the cost of Lada models seven times a year, the last rise in price (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end november.
Regularly rewrite the price tags for their products and other automakers.
The volume of the Russian automotive market in monetary terms will continue to increase - in addition to the shortage of cars, inflation also contributes to this, as well as the desire of automakers to win back past losses, experts say.
In the context of a shortage of cars, I think that many automakers were even able to partially pass on to the consumer the costs of past periods that they could not include in the price of cars earlier,
says Vladimir Bespalov, an auto industry analyst at VTB Capital. -
I think automakers are doing very well financially, maintaining high sales margins."
An indirect indicator of this is the rate of growth in the cost of cars that are observed during 2021, the prices of new cars are growing faster than inflation, the expert specifies.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantitative terms and in monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the complexity of the design of the machines themselves, Bespalov predicts.
As supply increases, the scope for price increases will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow next year, even if the growth in the cost of cars slows down, automakers will be able to earn their income from volumes, says Sergey Burgazliev, an independent automotive industry consultant.
Given increased demand and insufficient supply, automakers are now looking to make the most profit from every car sold, Burgazliev said. -
An increase in the production of cars is not expected for at least the next six months, while in Russia the excitement is also fueled by the uncertainty of citizens in the future.
Against the backdrop of the current market situation, cars turned out to be a good investment object - a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold for more than its original cost, the expert states.
Biden spoke about the transfer of the US military to Ukraine in the event of a Russian invasion
The US leadership has never considered sending US troops to Ukraine in the event of a Russian "invasion".
This statement was made by US President Joe Biden.
"There have never been such plans," the head of the White House said, answering a journalist's question about whether the United States abandoned such an idea.
Biden noted that in the event of an escalation of the situation around Ukraine, Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he stressed that the United States and NATO have no obligation to use military force to protect Ukraine in the event of an escalation.
The American leader also said that the possibility of using American troops unilaterally for the defense of Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades the territory of Ukraine, the United States will transfer forces to the Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Estonia).
"We will have to send more US and NATO troops to the eastern flank, B9 - all those NATO countries for which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack from Russia," Biden said.
Earlier, the press secretary of the President of Russia Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow has no intentions to invade the territory of Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees a problem in the combat use of drones supplied by Turkey by Kyiv, and also in the fact that "American weapons are approaching our territory."
I leave these interviews right now.
If already at the interview they want to make me listen to screams, wait for hours, drink an incomprehensible drink and wash another cup - it's scary to imagine what will happen at work.
I will find a normal place for myself, without an HR layer, where you immediately talk to the manager.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 cm
Medium height springless construction mattress Promtex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 is made of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium hard, the other is moderately hard.
An elegant white jacquard cover is quilted on synthetic winterizer and complemented by a zipper around the perimeter.
Two types of filler
Sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Thin slabs of coconut coir are laid between the latex slabs.
The puff structure of the mattress is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to stress.
Natural latex is a dense, elastic, breathable material.
The filler keeps its shape and quickly recovers after stress.
Coconut coir enhances the strength of the product, naturally has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows you to create a load-resistant orthopedic bed that will serve customers for many years.
Versatility and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and ages.
The medium-hard surface is versatile with a balanced combination of orthopedics and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately hard bed is more relevant for those who need to “unload” their backs and have a healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for both one person and a couple.
The latter will especially appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of the "wave" effect, when vibrations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite side, disturbing a person in a dream.
Table easel "Studio" 20*24*54(65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Table easel "Studio" with height-adjustable top holder.
Suitable for small size canvases.
Material - natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists.
Smooth adjustment of a tilt angle.
Equipped with a shelf-emphasis for canvases and tablets.
The top holder securely fixes the canvas.
Maximum easel height - 65 cm, maximum canvas size - 40 cm.
If a scammer calls from a similar number, such as an "employee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs" or another law enforcement agency, then it is inefficient to immediately drop it, and most likely it will not be possible to blacklist it in time.
Because in order to confirm his lie about involvement in law enforcement agencies, he quickly repeats the challenge and continues to frighten and persuade.
We need more useful advice for the people.
This is such nonsense...
I don't quite believe that this was the case.
They no longer know what to think, who to blame.
We got to the Queen.
And most importantly, in their opinion, everyone is to blame, except for the very best ...
And it would not be easier to leave people alone from coercion, of course, if our people care about their people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear ...
Like in Japan... before the elections, influence was weakened and infections became less...
Set of wool for felting "Assorted No. 2" 100% merino, wool 4x10 g.
Felting wool as a craft originated eight thousand years ago, only for this occupation it was very difficult to find animal wool, and even more so colored.
But now voila!
Introducing semi-thin natural wool for felting from a Russian manufacturer, for which you do not have to run through the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of wool for felting allow you to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, appliqués for creativity, jewelry, interior decorations, and even clothing and accessories.
Imagine a pair of “dumped” fluffy sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace that will look great with a new dress, or unique house slippers that no one will have…
Bring your ideas to life by "rolling" this wonderful wool!
Maria Kartashova, what does "in response to this" mean?
I do not voice my thoughts, I mentally curse you all.
I mentally cut off the heads of everyone who did not give way to me, mentally send them to a ditch and burn all the cars that interfere with my passage, mentally everything!
And I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas II during the years of his reign did not sign a single death sentence.
Even to such lawless people as Koba and his brigade.
And Bloody Sunday is already an invention of the Bolsheviks.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
Mattress hard on both sides.
The natural material latex coconut coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary rigidity and elasticity to the mattress.
Independent spring block TFK (512 springs per bed) will give you unique comfort and proper support of the spine during sleep.
Cover in cotton jacquard quilted 200g.
hallcone gives protection and comfort.
Maximum load per berth: 130 kg.
My horse.
Pony house with accessories, display 6 pcs.
An adorable pony lives in a cozy foldable pink house.
If you open her house, then inside one of its halves you can install a kitchen, and on the second half - a table, placing treats for guests on it.
The pony has big beautiful eyes, its mane and tail can be combed with a brush.
The set includes: pony 9 cm, hairbrush, house (2 halves), built-in table (2 parts), kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), cake with a heart (2 parts), juice bottle, 2 glasses , teapot, cup and saucer.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
Alternating layers of latex and tough coconut coir give the effect of improved body support.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress can easily withstand loads of up to 170 kg per bed.
At the same time, there is no wave effect: spouses lying side by side do not roll towards each other, regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials from which the model is made have undergone rigorous quality control.
They are ventilated, do not damp, do not absorb odors.
Thanks to the full circulation of air, a unique microclimate is created that promotes healthy rest.
High-strength hot-melt glue was used to fasten the parts.
The film of the student of Alexander Sokurov received the European "Oscar" for the best editing
The Oscar-nominated Russian film Unclenching Fists won the European Film Academy Award (also known as the European Oscar) for Best Editing, according to Moskovsky Komsomolets.
The jury of the competition, which voted online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, appreciated the outstanding skill of the filmmakers.
The maximum number of awards was received this time by the film by Jasmila Zbanich (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Aida?"
The main character of the tape is a translator at the UN mission, who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Unclenching Fists", filmed by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film tells about the difficult relationship between an imperious father and those who want to free themselves from paternal guardianship of growing children in North Ossetia.
It was previously announced that the film was nominated for an Oscar as Best Foreign Language Film.
As the regular friendly meetings of the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, Turkey show, in my opinion, you are, to put it mildly, out of touch.
Just yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of a joint Azerbaijani-Russian enterprise KamAZ.
From my point of view, the literature program was formed by ladies of Balzac's age based on their interests.
From the Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those very ladies of Balzac's age.
And the psychology and torments of Tolstoy and Turgenev's heroines are not so interesting for teenagers.
Teenagers are rarely interested in the psychology of heroes at all.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were plush to represent a certain variety of them?
There are roses of this color and with such a petal structure resembling velvet, usually dark red, burgundy tones.
And light roses look different, the petals have just a satin or silky shine.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are kind of colorblind.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas are NOT allowed to look into the eyes - in some safari parks, visitors are given glasses with painted eyes looking away.
Bees are still guided by the smell...
Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195 mattress.
The model "Micropacket Prestige": comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different stiffness of the sides: the medium-hard surface is formed by latex coconut fiber and natural latex, moderately soft – a slab of natural latex.
A spring block with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the body of the sleeper, preventing the appearance of a "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Among the advantages of the model, it is necessary to highlight breathable materials.
Latex, perforated for breathability, is perfectly ventilated naturally, as is coconut coir.
Thanks to this, a healthy microclimate of the sleeping place is preserved.
The extended warranty period also applies to the mattress.
The official warranty period from the manufacturer is 5 years, in fact, the service life of the mattress is longer.
Protection from dust and dirt is assigned to the removable jacquard cover supplied in the kit.
Buy an orthopedic pillow to pair with the mattress – it is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of the sides – coconut serves as anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Turn on the brain and drive such relatives back!
It's better not to have any than these...
Either look for a third-party driver, or someone who is willing to invest and work with you in a share.
If it does not work out, then sell the car, albeit at a loss, do not regret it.
You'll think better next time...
Andrey, it was clearly explained to you that pensioners work in schools, they will not work in the command line.
The computer science teacher will not be able to help either, he was not taught this, the schoolboy plays games in Windows.
So there is no support.
I remember with horror these feasts and guests at my parents' house.
The guests are on the doorstep, and the cutlets are still being fried on the stove, the disheveled mother is cleaning the floor.
My God, I was already exhausted at the table.
And then wash the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday you carry groceries, two days of cooking, a day of cleaning after.
And what about the guests?
It's good for them, they also have a cake with them.
Since then, I don't like holidays, guests.
Even for my family, I set the table at a minimum.
And I cook them delicious things, bake them very often just like that.
Germany: The fourth coronavirus vaccination is inevitable
The fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or autumn of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be the final one, but will continue with renewed vigor.
Despite the active vaccination campaign in Germany, neither two nor three doses of the coronavirus vaccine will probably be enough for full protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners Ulrich Weigeldt is convinced of this.
On Saturday, December 11, Die Welt reports.
"We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the fall," the expert believes.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth coronavirus vaccination can be carried out "in combination with flu vaccination."
This will help to achieve the best results.
In addition, enhanced vaccination can help in the fight against the spread of a new strain of coronavirus "Omicron".
Moreover, the new option is particularly dangerous.
Thus, the probability of re-infection with Omicron is three times higher than that of Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Based on this, BioNTech/Pfizer manufacturers plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
The companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with a new variant of the coronavirus "Omicron".
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that with two doses of the vaccine, the effectiveness is significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
"This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the omicron strain," BioNTech and Pfizer stressed.
Therefore, a third dose is necessary.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, the chairman of the German Society of Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, advocates reducing the interval between the second and third vaccination.
Moreover, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of the coronavirus.
"The experience of Israel shows this very convincingly," the expert stressed.
Wobbler Pontoon21, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet–A family from Pontoon21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibs in that it was originally created taking into account the use for ice fishing, and not just for fishing for the edge.
These vibes have a larger specific gravity than their similar-sized counterparts, which undoubtedly has a positive effect on the nuances of using these interesting baits.
Another recognizable feature is the upper fin made of durable and elastic plastic, which creates additional shades of vibration during vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a "winter vib" when fishing in a plumb line, Bet-A-Vib demonstrates a rather aggressive game.
Often the most catchy is a simple monotonous animation, that is, the movement of the fishing rod up and down almost without pauses.
When planning, the deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient when fishing in a confined space cluttered with underwater vegetation, driftwood and other obstacles for which a hook is possible.
In addition, a slight deviation is relevant when fishing for walleye and large perch in winter, and especially in the middle of winter, when a point and aggressive bait feed is required.
Having reached the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly turns around and returns to the original vertical.
No less successfully Bet-A-Vib is also used for winter fishing of pond trout.
To please her whims, you can choose from two modifications: with a noise capsule (NS – NanoSound) or without it (SL – Silent).
It is also noted that Bet-A-Vib is able to tease a passive pike with a plumb line game, which does not react even to live bait.
When fishing, the Bet-A-Vib shows range and accuracy.
This wobbler is understandable and not capricious, it goes well with fishing line and braided cords even of large diameters.
For fishing for pike, walleye, ruff or perch, in addition to uniform, a "step" is also relevant, sometimes with a "chirping" along the bottom.
If you are fishing in tight spots, you can change the front tee to a double, which will reduce the likelihood of hooks.
Among the baits of its class, Bet-A-Vib is among the most stable in operation and, as a result, one of the most catchy.
It can be used with equal success both in relatively shallow and rather deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young idlers are sitting on the neck of old parents.
The "golden youth" are clearly lazy for the most part, who do not know how and do not know anything.
A well-fed life disposes to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin was referring to this considerable part of the population.
You must be joking.
I have never seen shoes in this store that I would like to buy.
What kind of long-term sock are you writing about?
This shoe is made of leatherette.
It's good if one season can stand it.
"Senden" is on the same level as "Kari".
Go in a couple of times, look and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
7 thousand Russian mercenaries were announced in Libya
There are more than 7 thousand mercenaries of the private military company "Wagner" in Libya.
This was stated on Sunday, December 12, by the chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Republic Khaled al-Mishri.
"Currently, there are more than 7 thousand mercenaries of the Wagner PMCs in Libya.
They also have planes.
They are also digging trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jet planes at Gardabia air bases (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte), " Anadolu agency quoted him as saying.
Khaled al-Mishri also pointed out that Russian mercenaries are "trying to seize" the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea, after "bringing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Maintain presence
According to the interlocutor of the publication, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "settled in Libya."
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using an air base and a port in Sirte, as well as an air base in Jufra, the agency's publication notes.
The Russian authorities officially deny that the Wagner PMCs enjoys the support of the Kremlin.
Where else could there be mercenaries
According to the agency, Wagner allegedly operates in nine African countries - CAR, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training for local forces, personal protection of leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses for the use of minerals and natural resources, as well as for the supply of weapons, technology and military services to these countries," the article says.
According to the media, the "Wagnerians" allegedly fought in the Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the CAR.
This group is not listed either in the law enforcement agencies or in the register of legal entities, and its fighters are absent from the formulary lists of personnel.
This company is under US sanctions.
Earlier, the permanent representatives of 27 EU countries approved restrictions against Wagner.
It is expected that the Council of the European Union will approve this decision on December 13.
The situation in Libya
The Supreme State Council of Libya is de facto the second chamber of parliament with advisory functions with Islamists dominating it, writes TASS.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of a single voting day for the elections of deputies of parliament and the head of state from December 24 to at least February 2022.
"The elections are less than two weeks away, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing," the article notes.
Against this background, the Supreme Election Commission of Libya postponed indefinitely the announcement of the final list of candidates, Sky News Arabia TV channel reports.
Foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in the country's foreign policy, 29% believe that failures prevail.
"Examples of success - "they defended in Syria, restored peace there", "the decision on the Nord Stream-2", "the whole world was intimidated that cool weapons", "We squeezed the Crimea".
The main failures are "the conflict with Ukraine," "confrontation with Western countries," "isolation from the world," according to a study by the Public Opinion Foundation.
The government of Dubai has completely abandoned paper paperwork - all public services have also become digital only
The Government of Dubai announced the complete abandonment of paper paperwork and the transition to digital technologies.
All public services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the Emirati news agency WAM.
"Today marked the beginning of a new stage of digitalization of all aspects of Dubai's life - we have completed the transition to a completely paperless government," Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of the Emirate, Chairman of the Executive Council of Dubai, said on Saturday.
Now the internal and external document flow in all state institutions of Dubai will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all industries without exception: healthcare, housing and communal services, police, municipal authorities, courts, etc. Many commercial structures also joined the government's initiative.
The transition to e-government and digitalization of document management began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, according to the authorities, 336 million paper sheets were saved, which is 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in monetary equivalent.
Earlier, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about the dates of birth and how old the child is, this is already insanity, about the class and the group in kindergarten, too.
Well, I don't believe there are such bunglers.
And if they do, then they obviously don't care about anything, including the family.
My mother, her two brothers and grandparents lived on 3 Vladimirskaya, there was a 1st floor without bars.
They knocked first on the door, then on the window, then decided not to stand on ceremony, broke the window and climbed in, but grandfather had a baseball bat, which they received.
These people knew for sure that there was someone at home...
Turkey's car production and exports have fallen below 2020 levels
Turkey's car production and exports declined sharply in November amid the depreciation of the lira.
As a result, the industry indicators for the first 11 months turned out to be worse than last year's result, Bloomberg reports, citing data from the Association of Automobile Manufacturers of Turkey.
According to the association, 115 thousand cars were produced from factories in Turkey in November, which is 20% less than a year earlier.
About 75.9 thousand cars were exported, which is more than 25% lower than last year's figure.
And if, according to the results of the first 10 months of this year, the Turkish automotive sector showed positive dynamics compared to last year, then by the end of 11 months of 2021, car production was already 0.3% worse than last year's figure.
The reason for this fall was the sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which fell by 29% against the dollar in November.
This led to a drop in economic activity in all sectors.
More than 500 SMEs have received a deferral on loan payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov spoke about the situation regarding the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, the correspondent of MIA Kazinform reports.
"According to the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, this year, in pursuance of the order of the Head of State dated April 1, 2021, the order of the Chairman of the Agency dated April 9, 2021 No. 127 "On approval of the Procedure for granting deferred payments on loans of small and medium-sized businesses" was adopted, - Alikhan Smailov wrote in his response to the deputy's request.
He recalled that the procedure for granting deferred payments on loans provided for the provision by banks and organizations engaged in microfinance activities of deferred payments on loans issued before April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including sole proprietors, in the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The deferral period ranged from 30 to 90 days at the choice of the SME entity.
The borrower's application could have specified a different payment deferral period.
During the postponement period, the claim work, notification of the need to repay overdue debts, as well as the collection of commissions and other payments by the lender were suspended in relation to the borrower," the deputy prime minister said.
In 2021, second-tier banks received applications for deferral of payments on loans from 603 borrowers-SMEs, of which 553 SMEs received deferral in the amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
131 SMEs have applied for deferral in MFOs, of which 95 entities have been granted deferral in the amount of 105.8 million tenge," A. Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with weak immunity are able to easily tolerate the okmiron strain
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate it more easily than those with a strong protective reaction of the body
Pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev explained why the okmiron strain of coronavirus can be dangerous.
The reason is worth looking for in the conditions of the origin of the virus.
Scientists believe that "okmiron" originated in the body of an HIV-infected or immunodeficient person.
That is, when mutated, he did not meet any resistance from the immune system.
Due to this, he is more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no response from the immune system, it became very fast.
Apparently, there he has these spike proteins, spikes, maybe more than it should be, their antibodies were not cut during mutations, - says pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate "okmiron" more easily than those with a strong protective reaction of the body.
It turns out that a strong response of the body to anything, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
This is how it happens with pneumococcal infections, when 30-year-old young people die, and 60-year-old old people endure it in the form of a sneeze.
The immune response is frenzied in the young, it is completely inadequate: where you could only shake your finger, it hits like a cannon at sparrows," concluded Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor also recalled that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Pneumonia can be bacterial and viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case, it is often possible to stop only the symptoms - all hope for the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the beginning of intoxication of the body - this is temperature, weakness, malaise.
Then there are respiratory symptoms: difficulty breathing, sore throat, cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain can also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, in Russia, the younger generation from 12 to 18 years old may begin to be vaccinated by the end of the year.
Pavel Volchkov, virologist, head of the Laboratory of Genomic Engineering at MIPT, noted that this category is very actively affected by covid.
Teenagers who go to school have the maximum number of contacts.
This is the most socially active stratum, as well as kindergarten students," Pavel Volchkov, virologist, head of the Laboratory of genomic Engineering at MIPT, told Moscow 24.
Huge thanks to the author for this article.
I was happy to refresh my memories...
Teath-In.
In those distant seventies and eighties, not a single dance floor could do without the melodies of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, we arranged dances to their music.
Immunologists have hypothesized why obese people become victims of covid
The authors studied the adipose tissue left over from bariatric surgeries and found that fat cells, known as adipocytes, can become infected with coronavirus.
Immune cells located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected, and showed a strong inflammatory reaction.
The scientists also examined the adipose tissue of patients who died from covid and found coronavirus particles in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can hide in adipose tissue, using it as a reservoir, in an attempt to avoid the response of the immune system.
Probably, SARS-CoV-2 is also capable of this.
The biologist told about the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin named the causes of dementia and spoke about ways to prevent it in an interview with Sputnik radio.
According to WHO, more than 55 million people suffer from this disease.
The syndrome manifests itself as a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, a person has difficulty navigating even in familiar surroundings.
Golosheikin noted that neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders and a lack of certain vitamins most often lead to dementia.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
These include hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level, the role of factors such as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity is possible," he said.
The development of dementia is also influenced by harmful habits - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disorders and a sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
"There is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence," the biologist added.
To prevent the occurrence of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the necessary level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Previously, Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics of the FSAOU at the RNIMU.
N.I. Pirogova, Head of the Cognitive Disorders Department of the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnology Anna Bogolepova spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt has returned about 30 thousand artifacts illegally exported from the country
Over the past 10 years, the Cairo government has managed to return home about 30 thousand artifacts that were illegally smuggled out of the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, on the Al-Hayat TV channel by the chief inspector of the Department of Returned Antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt, Shaaban Abdel Gawad.
Since 2011, the Egyptian state has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, 5,300 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered at the Museum of the Bible in Washington," he said.
Abdel Gawad clarified that all the artifacts smuggled out are registered in the archives.
Now the department's employees are working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts "monitor auctions around the world and sales on the Internet" through foreign and Egyptian websites, as well as social networks.
The Chief Inspector said that after returning, cultural values are restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was an ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of the exposition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities appealed to Interpol with a request to help find a bust of Pharaoh Tutankhamun sold at auction in London.
Christie's auction house held an auction on July 4, at which a bust over 3 thousand years old was sold for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the art object was illegally taken out of the Karnak Temple in Luxor in the 1970s.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted in the image of the sun god Amon, was kept in a private collection and has not been put up for auction since 1985.
How the relic got to Europe is unknown.
Egypt has been actively seeking the repatriation of antiquities illegally exported from the country at various times in recent years.
According to the authorities, 95% of the smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological research by "black diggers".
"Crimean Tatars are not taken into account" - and this is correct, since the Crimean Tatars (232 thousand) are an independent people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, then only 42 thousand people - so many Tatars (Kazan) live in the Crimea (see the census).
The Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse requires its employees to provide the bank with access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The fact is that in Europe and the USA, the Swiss bank does not issue corporate communication devices to its employees, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner telecommunications operator.
According to the current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to resolve business issues with colleagues or clients.
The Bank uses the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used it to hold a meeting with a client that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees switched to remote operation, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that were used to solve work issues.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management has set a deadline by which employees can familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Officially, Credit Suisse does not comment on the information about the new requirement.
Mattress Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200.
In the center of the Vivre Dual royal mattress there is a high-quality and durable TFK 18 high self-contained springs unit.
Decking layers made of natural coconut add rigidity, zonal latex distributes the load more efficiently, latex with the addition of Aloe ensures the hygiene of the sleeping place, and relief foam relaxes.
A mattress of symmetrical medium stiffness and high height (30 cm).
The product is delivered packed in a tight roll and is ready for use after a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable knitted fabric with a stitch on a comfortable layer.
The fabric of the cover does not crumple, does not stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the hardest for the poet's earthly existence and his "ego".
He is already outside of any literary associations, he has spat with imagism, he is on his own, but he is known, in demand, at times he is strongly scolded by critics, even viciously, but the reading public is ready to carry him on their hands.
During the year, more than 60 poems were written, many of them are real masterpieces, the cycle "Persian Motifs" was completed, the poem "Anna Snegina" was written, 8 books were published, the collection "Soviet Russia".
And the main success - at the end of June 25, the State Publishing House concluded a contract with Yesenin for the publication of his works in 3 volumes.
None of the contemporary poets Sergey Alexandrovich has ever received such an honor, he is the first!
In addition, it promised very good money - according to the contract, the fee was 1000 rubles a month for 20 months (the plant director, for example, received 300 rubles a month, the engineer - 200).
Funds were needed that year more than ever.
Yesenin married Leo Tolstoy's granddaughter Sophia Tolstoy, it was necessary to equip the family life, to support sisters Katya and Sasha, as well as his mother.
It seems that life was getting better, there is something to rejoice about, but for him everything is painted mainly in dark tones, as if a nightmare from the poem "The Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after Yesenin's death) materialized:
My friend, my friend,
I am very, very sick.
I don't know where this pain came from.
Is the wind whistling
Over an empty and deserted field,
Is it like a grove in September,
Alcohol is showering the brains.
Many friends noted that Yesenin has passed badly, looks bad, is clearly ill.
Spree, nervous breakdowns are increasingly repeated.
And the reason is probably not only alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was made to Sergei Alexandrovich by someone, there are no reliable documents left.
For example, dating back to May 1923, when Yesenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, American Isadora Duncan, was improving his health in a clinic near Paris with Professor Peter Gannushkin (Yesenin would get to him again two years later, already in Moscow).
But there are plenty of testimonies of the poet's binge drinking, scandals on this ground, drives to the police - scattered across dozens of memoirs.
Since the early 20s, the poet's terrible romance with the green snake has been developing rapidly.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Yesenin briefly settled with a friend, the imagist Ivan Startsev.
Surprisingly, Yesenin, with his very good income, never had his own home either in Moscow or in St. Petersburg, he lived in rented apartments, in hotels or with friends.
Startsev remembers:
"I came only to spend the night, and in most cases in a deranged, drunk state.
One day, returning at four o'clock in the morning, Yesenin fell on the landing...
Falling, he scratched his face and wheezed.
After recovering a little, he began coughing incessantly, spraying the whole sheet with blood..."
Yesenin himself, after a voyage to Europe and the USA (there was a prohibition in the States at that time, but Duncan took a decent supply of alcohol with her), confessed:
"I didn't see anything there, except pubs and streets...
I've already stopped remembering people by the end...
Well, and drank, of course...
And I drank because I was bored."
Pirelli tire (Pirelli) Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
Pirelli Scorpion Winter winter rubber based on a high-strength mixture of rubbers and silica provides long-term efficient operation, uniform wear, resistance to loads.
The linear tread pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter wheel forming the ribs guarantees low rolling resistance and directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water and dirt from the contact spot of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, suppress sliding and aquaplaning.
Curly 3D laminating enhances grip on slippery roads, snow and ice.
Large checkers of the shoulder area increase the lateral grip of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire when maneuvering, increase traction, reduce braking distance.
Small grooves and notches remove heat.
Promtex-Orient Mattress Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Economy is a modern version of a budget model in the premium class line.
The mattress base is a block of independent double springs Duet.
A softer spring of small size is inserted inside the large spring.
This allows you to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
On both sides, the mattress is supplemented with a filler – artificial latex.
This is an analogue of natural latex, but it is denser and less expensive.
The flexibility and elasticity of this material increases the comfortable effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is perfect for a couple with a big difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the "smart" springs, there is no wave effect here, when the light partner rolls down to the side of the heavy one.
A pleasant, soft to the touch case made of practical Sense jacquard is stitched with a layer of sintepon.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this mattress model in a twisted version (vacuum roll packaging).
Now my son is almost 16, and he has not been tormented by the desire to smoke for a long time.
All energy is directed to choosing what he will do for a living.
He is much more responsible than I was at his age or my husband, who had problems with the law from time to time until the wedding.
A father takes care of his young daughter.
And he loves, as Lermontov wrote, "with a strange love."
Why did the girl burst into tears at the exam when she hadn't failed it yet?
Why didn't he tell his daughter that it wasn't a school.
Well, she will have a tail.
So what?
Retake.
Millions of students know this.
What is it all about?
The Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as a "weapon" against the EU
The Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as a "weapon"
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Pawel Jablonski expressed the opinion that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as a "weapon" against the European Union and intends to return to such an "operation" next year.
The corresponding statement was made by the Deputy Foreign Minister in an interview with the Australian Financial Review newspaper.
According to Yablonsky, sanctions against Belarus temporarily "stopped Lukashenka," but he is "actively searching for new ways."
Also, the Polish official is confident that now illegal migrants will be used as weapons "in many parts of the world."
As the site wrote kp.ru Earlier, the European Union put into effect the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It affected 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they declared their readiness to further expand restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve."
In response, Minsk imposed a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Case for clothes 60×100 cm, spunbond, color blue.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, it is necessary to properly take care of it.
Proper storage will extend its service life and maintain an attractive appearance.
A cover for clothes will help us in this!
Advantages.
Using a cover for clothes, you save a lot of space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Neat appearance.
No more dresses, sweatshirts and skirts hanging at random.
Neat covers allow you to sort clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people using racks instead of a regular cabinet, this is the best option.
The cover reliably protects clothes from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
Prevents clothes from changing shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of creases.
Features of clothing covers.
Special material will allow your clothes to "breathe".
With careful handling, the service life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The case is "sealed" with a strong zipper.
It is important to remember!
Pre-prepare things for long-term storage: clean them, straighten the folds.
Choose the cover of the optimal size: things should not bend from the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several bulky things in one case at once: they may crumple.
If you value order and neatness, value your things, want to keep them and extend their service life — order a cover for clothes.
Go to the large catalog and choose the product of the desired color and size at a bargain price!
"The hat is not for Senka": when a velvet jacket makes a man a laughing stock
Velvet jackets dominated the social events of 2021.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashion solution was Daniel Craig.
Back in September, at the premiere of the film "It's not time to Die", he appeared in a velvet crimson jacket and a traditional "Bond" bow tie.
His example was followed twice by Prince William, who first put on a green velvet jacket that did not comply with the royal dress code at The Earthshot Prize eco-award ceremony, and then chose a more classic version for an event in support of the Royal Variety charity foundation.
A couple of weeks ago, Lionel Messiahs tried on the trend.
The footballer came to pick up the seventh "Golden Ball" in a velvet Dolce & Gabbana jacket.
By the way, his sons were dressed in the same.
AliExpress has already noted the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to the analysts of the service, received by "Gazeta.Ru", they began to buy them 1.4 times more often.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with a lining and a fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, dark blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. At the same time, men prefer to buy only jackets - they choose sets of velvet suits less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available in H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment, velvet jackets are presented in almost all brands this season - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most desirable model is considered to be Gucci, in which brand ambassador Jared Leto appeared at one of the premieres of the film "House of Gucci".
Choosing jackets of expensive brands, you can be sure that velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to the special technology of weaving threads, a dense fabric with a fleecy outer texture and a smooth inner side is obtained.
More budget options are made of cotton or polyamide, but, accordingly, they serve less.
Lamoda fashion expert Ilya Vakhoshkin warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the main thing is not its model or style, but its relevance.
"Velvet requires evening light, so this jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a special event," explains Vakhoshkin. - It is also suitable for those cases if the dress code "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie" is specified in the invitation.
Another important criterion, compliance with which allows you to make a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
"A man in a velvet jacket, first of all, should get the right advanced hangout with prosperity," the authors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion "Handsome Brammell" believe. - The owners of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the caste of those people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to timed social events, where the dress code is always indicated.
Ilya Vakhoshkin suggests combining a velvet jacket with the same elegant things: classic trousers with arrows, plain shirts, silk ties, loafers with tassels, cufflinks.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from the "Handsome Brummell" are sure that the appearance of an ordinary employee in a velvet jacket at a corporate party will also be inappropriate, but if we are talking about "a leader from among those who run this event, then - "yes," such a thing is in the subject for him."
If an employee is lower in rank, and his goal is to move higher in the complex hierarchy of the company or to knock out financial bonuses, then it is better not to wear a velvet jacket.
The management will definitely appreciate it with the phrase "the hat is not for Senka," the editors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion believe.
Very ambiguous feelings from the voice.
It's an unnatural timbre, it pulls so painfully.
And it is absolutely not associated with the cute face of a young girl.
To be honest, I don't understand the admiration of others.
But from the bottom of my heart I wish you good luck in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is, paid for.
Billion-dollar investments.
Are they sad?
No, the price of electricity has increased.
Traditional energy is also not at a disadvantage - both gas, oil, and coal were bought cheaper than they are now selling.
There is a wild demand for fuel.
A penny is dripping.
And then who is in the gap?
As usual - an ordinary buyer.
Do the problems of the Indians touch the sheriff?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be considered idiots who "slept through" the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a good bribe.
I didn't see a single beautiful person in the photos in the article.
Just mediocrity within the framework of average passengers.
Perhaps, if such characters are so confident in their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole car, then they will most likely not get hooked on such.
But only because of the mental disorder and ignorance of such "beauties", but certainly not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "a slave who is aware of his servile position and fights against it is a revolutionary.
A slave who is unaware of his slavery and vegetates in a silent, unconscious and wordless slave life is simply a slave.
A slave whose mouth is watering when he complacently describes the delights of slave life and admires a kind and good master is a slave, a cad."
The immunologist said that revaccination in 4-5 months will help protect against the omicron strain of coronavirus
Revaccination in four to five months can protect against a new strain of coronavirus infection "omicron".
This statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the vaccination in six months, taking into account the appearance of a new strain, a "very long period"
"With previous strains, such a period was normal, but now it is best to carry out the procedure in five months, and for people with chronic diseases - in four," the expert said, calling for revaccination in parallel with the vaccination campaign.
Kryuchkov also noted that early revaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
"If a person has been vaccinated twice and a booster, or he has been ill and vaccinated, or vaccinated and has been ill, then he has received "hybrid immunity", that is, there are a lot of antibodies and neutralizing enough," the expert said.
The Big Seven warned Russia of "large-scale consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine
The G7 countries (Great Britain, Germany, Italy, Canada, the USA, France and Japan) issued a statement following the meeting of the Foreign ministers in Liverpool.
It stresses that Russia's "military aggression" against Ukraine "will have huge consequences and will cost Moscow dearly," but specific measures are not described in the document.
"We, the Foreign Ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military buildup and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine," the statement said.
The ministers further urge Russia to "ease the escalation, use diplomatic channels and comply with its international obligations regarding transparency of military activities," as US President Biden said during a video call to Russian President Putin on December 7.
"We confirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk Agreements in order to resolve the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the G7 foreign ministers also state.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a serious price in return," they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign State to determine its future.
We welcome the restrained position of Ukraine.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response," the statement also says.
Earlier in the day, the head of British diplomacy, Elizabeth Truss, said that Russia would face "serious consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "the united voice of the G7 countries, which account for 50% of global GDP, and which made it very clear that the invasion of Ukraine would have huge consequences for Russia."
Pfizer's vaccine was found to be 32 times less effective from the omicron strain
The effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
This conclusion was reached by scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, reports South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective based on a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the drug from COVID-19.
"We see that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the initial variant of Sars-CoV-2, but this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variety," said Professor Malik Peiris.
At the same time, scientists stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against the severe course of the disease when infected with coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of the coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the influence of the omicron strain on it.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain can cause a new wave of virus circulation and an increase in mortality if additional measures are not taken.
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine accused Germany of blocking the supply of NATO weapons to Kiev
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, Alexey Reznikov, accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Kiev's acquisition of deadly weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-sniper systems and rifles to defeat drones.
At the same time, it is noted that Berlin later softened its position on rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Defense Minister, Kiev intends to seek the acquisition of the aforementioned weapons within the framework of bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, we are talking about the USA, Great Britain, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government under the leadership of Chancellor Olaf Scholz regarding the authorization of arms supplies to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine's ambassador to Germany Andriy Melnyk expressed the opinion that Kiev should not expect Berlin to supply weapons under Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous leadership of Germany explained its refusal to provide weapons by the risk of a military escalation of the conflict in the Donbass, despite the "occupation by Russia" of part of the Ukrainian territory.
The diplomat is sure that Germany will maintain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky said that Kiev expects help from Berlin in equipping the navy.
In Ukraine, they expect that Germany "will be a partner of Ukraine in a technical sense," the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year, the co-chairman of the Green Party of Germany, Robert Habek, visited the republic, where he advocated the sale of defensive weapons to Kiev.
Sergey NOSOV 2, no, poor eyesight has nothing to do with it.
"And" instead of "E" to type?
Skip a lot of commas?
So write instead of write.
No, you are an illiterate person.
And for a philologist, it's a shame.
Game set "Fishing": e/ f light, sound, a set of playing field, 2 fishing rods, 5 figures, bat. 3AA not vh., cor.
Electrified children's fishing is a fun and useful toy for the development of a child.
Playing, the kid will train fine motor skills of his hands, develop dexterity, accuracy and attention.
It is worth turning on the toy, as 5 miniature fish will begin to move smartly along the simulated pond to a cheerful melody.
The child's task is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play alone or together: the set includes 2 fishing rods.
The toy is powered by 3 1.5V AA batteries (not included).
The size of the playing field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
The winners of the Arsenyev Prize were named in Moscow - Rossiyskaya Gazeta
The solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian Literary Award "Far East" named after
V. K. Arsenyeva was held in Moscow.
As reported on the award's Instagram page, a total of 89 applications have been received by the organizing committee this season.
63 passed the selection.
The leaders in the number of submitted works were Primorsky and Khabarovsk Territories - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three categories: "Long prose", "Short prose", "Prose for children".
Nine works were shortlisted - three in each nomination.
The winner in the nomination "Long prose" was Alexander Filkin (Primorsky Krai) with the book "The Inscription on the Gospel".
The award was presented to the winner by Deputy Prime Minister - Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of the Russian Federation in the Far Eastern Federal District Yuri Trutnev.
In the nomination "Short prose" Lyubov Bezbakh (Sakhalin region) with the work "The Whisper of the night rain" was recognized as the best.
She received the award from the hands of the Minister of the Russian Federation for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic Alexey Chekunkov.
In the nomination "Children's Prose", the winner was the Trans-Baikal writer Nina Belomestnova and her "Golden Thread".
The author was awarded by the screenwriter, writer, Candidate of Philological Sciences and chairman of the jury of the Award Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 500 thousand rubles each.
Recall that the authors of the best works on Far Eastern subjects are awarded within the framework of the Far East Prize.
The main objective of the award is not only to reward the winners and tell about modern authors, but also to attract cultural interest to the Far East as a priority development area of the XXI century.
Novels, novellas, collections of novellas or short stories, as well as documentary prose and memoirs can be nominated for the competition.
At the same time, the place of residence of the author does not matter, the main thing is to write in Russian.
The official website of the award: https://премияарсеньева.рф /.
Frying pan, d=22 cm, with handle, color dark marble, 4278884.
Kukmara "marble" tableware is made of cast aluminum and coated with an innovative non-stick water-based marble coating reinforced with superhard mineral particles.
Features of the dishes of the "Marble" series.
The considerable thickness of the walls and bottom eliminates the deformation of the housing, guarantees durability, provides the necessary strength of the coating.
The high-strength non-stick water-based marble coating is reinforced with superhard mineral particles.
Environmentally friendly non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorinated carboxylic acid).
Perfect heat distribution over the entire surface of the cookware, long-term heat preservation.
The possibility of using a minimum amount of fat.
Non-stick marble coating is applied by spraying, which guarantees exceptional durability of the coating during operation.
Small scratches and small scuffs on the surface of the cauldron do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the dishes.
The products do not burn and retain their taste.
The possibility of cooking delicious and healthy food without adding oil, as on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Ease of washing.
Suitable for all types of cookers, except induction.
Can be washed in the dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner coating is "marble".
High-strength water-based non-stick coating reinforced with particles of superhard minerals.
Reinforced ground layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
Cast aluminum housing up to 6 mm thick.
The outer non—stick coating is "marble".
Kukmara tableware will allow you to turn an ordinary cooking process into a pleasant and easy activity for any hostess.
Years... many years ago I made the same redevelopment.
Combined the hall with the kitchen.
The apartment is three-room.
Was.
Of course, the project, the permit, the new technical passport, everything is according to the law.
A bookcase and a large dressing room were made in the hallway.
The door to the kitchen was laid, and a lot of space was formed.
For almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we have never regretted what we did.
From mistakes - instead of a bathtub, a cool shower cabin was installed.
A hundred times I regretted it!
I only recently realized that I love rum.
But I have not yet discovered the wonderful world of rum for myself, except for "Bacardi" and "Captain Morgan".
What else would you recommend, and where could we start this wonderful acquaintance?
I've been sick too.
I will not vaccinate.
I came to the Black Sea for "rehabilitation".
Only bad luck with the weather...
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in bright houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus, paint and other chemical compounds will scare away birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thank you, I will definitely try.
And what does Japan have to do with it?
Thanks for the recipe.
And what varieties of apples should be put according to this recipe?
It's really delicious.
I add some more onions and a green apple.
Try.
Recently, zomboyashchik said that the production of cars is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen showing which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (apparently microcontroller chips).
Russia was not on this list.
That's it!
In the USA, with their expensive labor force, it is profitable, but in Russia, it is unprofitable!
And my mother-in-law was harassing me.
I feel sorry for her, she is not with us.
If I had seen good from her, everything could have been different.
But apart from hatred, gossip, scandals, there is not much to remember.
I feel sorry for her, she lived her life in spite.
Mercedes filed a protest against the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
The German Mercedes team, whose driver Lewis Hamilton finished second at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after Red Bull driver Max Verstappen, filed a protest against the final result of the race, the Formula 1 press service reports.
Mercedes believes that Formula 1 rules 48.12 and 48.8 were violated during the race.
In the first case, the German team challenges the decision of the judges to return the lap riders to the same lap with the leaders.
According to the second, Verstappen beat Hamilton to the zone allowed by the "restart".
We add that now the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen beat Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the Formula 1 World Championship, are preliminary, when Mercedes' protests will be considered are not known
G7 warned Russia of responsibility for the invasion of Ukraine
The foreign ministers of the G7 countries warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues its military aggression against Ukraine, according to the final statement of the parties.
The participants of the meeting also noted that they condemn the strengthening of the Russian armed forces at the borders of the country.
"Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," reads a statement published on the website of the British government.
The G7 ministers and the EU High Representative noted that "they are united in their condemnation of the Russian armed reinforcement and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine."
British Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss at a press conference in Liverpool warned of "big consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We have made it clear that any invasion will have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to renounce aggression against Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier at the Liverpool summit, the G7 foreign ministers agreed that in order to resolve the crisis due to the buildup of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine, the parties need to return to the negotiating table.
It was about negotiations in the "Normandy format".
The North Atlantic Alliance also advocated a dialogue on Ukraine in the "Normandy format".
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "signed their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Homsu Diamond waist bag.
The Diamond waist bag is perfect for sports, traveling or just walking.
It is convenient to take it with you, it is roomy, made of durable and lightweight fabric material.
The main compartment opens with a zipper, which can be easily done even on the go.
Stylish and bright design is perfect for those ladies who really have a delicate taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, thanks to which various things are placed in it, from a passport to a mobile phone.
The material makes it easy to wash the waist bag using various household products.
For convenience, you can use a special strap size adjuster.
Revealed ways to return money stolen through online stores
There are several ways to return the money stolen through online stores and not become a victim of fraud in the future.
They were revealed by information security experts in an interview with RBC.
So, to reduce the risk of large losses when bank card data falls into the hands of intruders, it is recommended to store fixed assets on a card or bank account that are not used for online shopping.
Part of the savings can be deposited into a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend having a separate card for online purchases.
If the money was stolen when shopping in stores that do not use 3D Secure security technology, you can start the refund procedure.
"Within the framework of the rules established by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions conducted without the use of 3D Secure, responsibility is assigned to the participant in the payment chain who does not use this service," the representative of Promsvyazbank said.
Artur Zaremba, an expert from the international payment provider Ecommpay, stressed that the buyer has the right to submit an application to the bank to challenge the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the criminal used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authorization, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online stores themselves return funds to the customer if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, Ekaterina Mizulina, a member of the Public Chamber, director of the Safe Internet League, reported that in 2021 alone 11 thousand appeals were received for various cases of fraud: from the sale of forged documents to the theft of personal data.
According to her, an effective solution in the current circumstances may be the creation of a single window for complaints about online scammers.
Scholz arrived in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU legislation
Newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has arrived in Warsaw for talks on the migrant crisis on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the buildup of Russian troops near the borders of Ukraine and the situation with the Russian Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline.
Although Scholz stated his desire to preserve good relations between Germany and Poland for many years to come, the leaders of the two countries expressed unequivocal expectations from each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he would urge Scholz to oppose Nord Stream 2, which is supposed to deliver Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Moravetsky, Russia may use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin said it would help Warsaw and Brussels in resolving this crisis.
The Polish judicial system, however, remains one of the reasons for disagreement.
The European Court of Justice fined Poland, finding that the judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violate EU law.
Poland refused to pay the fine, and its highest court ruled that national legislation takes precedence over EU rules.
The new German government, sworn in on Wednesday, despite the demands of Poland and the United States, has not made public commitments to stop the work of Nord Stream 2 in the event of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
US officials have told members of Congress that they have reached an understanding with Germany about stopping the gas pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior US congressional official said on Tuesday.
German officials have not confirmed these reports, but Scholz on Wednesday warned of consequences if Russia violates the border of Ukraine, and this position was confirmed on Sunday by representatives of the "Big Seven".
Dmitry, take a closer look.
The view outside the window is the same, the window size has not changed.
The wall between the kitchen and the bathroom was removed, so the second window is partially visible.
In general, those who are not familiar with the initial layout doubt.
And I know such apartments very well and I see perfectly well how it was redeveloped.
May all be well with them.
It always surprises when they write about the means to wash the sink, toilet, window sills, taps.
You wash them once a year at Easter, or something, that you have to wash them straight.
Just don't let it get dirty.
The Ministry of Finance wants to give writers residences
The state will transfer the federal property inherited from the Union of Writers of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR to the future Fund for the Support of Russian Writers.
Writers' residences will be created on its basis, the Ministry of Finance, which will become the founder of the foundation, told the Parliamentary Newspaper.
The Ministry of Finance is preparing a draft presidential decree on the creation of a Fund to support Russian writers.
The explanatory note clarifies that the foundation will be charged with taking care, among other things, of the intended use and preservation of buildings and structures that once belonged to the Soviet Union of Writers and the Literary Fund.
"A significant number of real estate objects that previously belonged to the USSR Literary Fund have passed into the ownership of the Russian Federation, including objects located in the town of writers Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo, Leningrad Region, and others," the press service of the Ministry of Finance told the Parliamentary Newspaper.
The draft decree prescribes to reflect in the charter of the Foundation that it is "created in order to promote literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers."
"By "creating conditions for creative activity" is meant the creation of writer's residences on the basis of transferred property in different regions of Russia, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creativity," the Ministry of Finance explained to our publication.
520 rubles for one sliced tomato?
A cheese tortilla is literally a layer of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a beaker for 570…
No, it looks delicious, of course, but the price is simply inadequate.
Apparently, there are solid rich people gathered on Belorusskaya Street.
Doctors warned about the danger of prolonged use of blood-thinning drugs after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned about the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after contracting the COVID-19 coronavirus infection and before vaccination against coronavirus.
Internist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that self-prevention of possible blood clots after COVID-19 can provoke a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-thinning drugs are not intended for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in a hospital, he had complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning drugs, prevent excessive formation of blood clots) according to the indications.
She said that obscurantism is happening now - everyone drinks anticoagulants for a long time and gets complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (brain hemorrhage) against this background.
Chief preventologist of the Ural Federal District, scientific director of the Society of Preventive Medicine Specialists, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev in an interview with URA.RU said that Russians now often use anticoagulants randomly and before vaccination against coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe questionable advice on the Internet and begin to self-medicate.
There are some citizens who, by their decision, start taking anticoagulants a week before vaccination.
And during a preliminary examination before vaccination, doctors notice bruises.
He stressed that it is extremely dangerous to take any medications without finding out the cause of any symptom.
Potatoes were called a superfood to protect against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and affordable vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing diseases of the cardiovascular system.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and trace elements that promote the work of internal organs.
It helps with heart diseases by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol levels, according to the Semana portal.
Today, heart disease is the main cause of early human death.
To improve the situation, you need not only to be treated, but also to eat right.
One of the helpers in such a situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to scientists, this root crop contains a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and also has vitamin C, which is very important for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
Trace elements help all internal systems of the body to work effectively.
Among other things, the root vegetable fights against natural age-related disorders in the body, contains a lot of fiber useful for the gastrointestinal tract.
With regular consumption, it can become a prevention of atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A lady came to look at the apartment.
I came from another city to show it.
The ad had detailed photos and a description of the apartment.
She was extremely dissatisfied because there was no "posh" kitchen and a "posh" balcony.
The aunt, apparently, has nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, and people waste their time.
About 145 thousand teenagers were vaccinated with the first component of COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information on vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and lactating women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, Kazinform MIA reports with reference to the COVID-19 Nonproliferation Center.
Twenty people died from coronavirus and pneumonia in a day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely serious condition - The Ministry of Health of the Republic of Kazakhstan Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" for coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, Pfizer vaccinated: 181,037 people with the first component, 14,580 people with the second component.
Of these, the first dose: adolescents - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, nursing women - 25,779.
The second dose: adolescents - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, nursing women - 2,749.
The plumber who found money in the wall of the church will be paid 20 thousand dollars
A plumber who found money in the wall of a church in the US state of Texas will be paid a reward.
This is reported in a press release of the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident occurred in a large evangelical church Lakewood, where Pastor Joel Austin preaches, promising that devout Christians will find wealth and prosperity.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cowley was repairing one of the church toilets and found thousands of bags of money and receipts under the insulation.
He handed over the find to the church and, according to him, did not even receive thanks from Austin.
"I wanted to hear him say, 'You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could have done," KPRC-TV quoted him as saying.
Apparently, the find is connected with a theft that occurred at the Lakewood Church seven years ago.
Then about 200 thousand dollars in cash and 400 thousand dollars in the form of checks, which were stored in the church safe, disappeared.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer losses.
Nevertheless, a reward of 25 thousand dollars was announced for information about the criminals.
Justin Cowley could not claim this amount because the award had already expired.
Despite this, the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston, which at one time allocated five thousand dollars for the award and later received another 20 thousand dollars as a gift from the Lakewood Church, decided to reward the plumber's honesty.
He will receive 20 thousand dollars.
Earlier it was reported that the police questioned Pastor Joel Austin about the money found in the wall of the Lakewood church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is her characteristic "as a real person."
That's why the attitude towards her is so negative.
And it's not that "she is financially much richer than all the scribblers," as they write here.
There are richer people, but not everyone behaves as brazenly, as defiantly as this madam.
Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1 mattress, size 190x190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
It is based on the TFK block (256 springs per square meter).
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load.
Coconut coir (a material made of coconut palm fibers) is used as a filler.
Layers of felt are placed between the filler and the spring block.
Both sides of the mattress are above average stiffness.
Removable Jacquard Sense cover: cotton 5%, polyester 95%.
The fabric density is 116 g/m2.
Again, simple and delicious.
I was looking for chicken recipes on your page.
We were given a chicken.
Our friends grew it in their farm.
It weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to cook it tastier.
I want to find a recipe for chicken baked in pieces in beer.
Have you tried this?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes "from the Internet".
A new case of human infection with avian influenza virus has been recorded in China
A new case of human infection with the highly pathogenic H5N6 avian influenza virus has been recorded in China.
This was reported by radio station RTHK with reference to the notification of the Hong Kong health authorities, reports TASS.
The infection was contracted by a 68-year-old resident of Huizhou City District in southern Guangdong Province, who kept poultry on the farm.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The world's first human infection with the H5N6 virus strain was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
In Brazil, citizens were required to present vaccination passports when entering the country
In Brazil, they were obliged to require covid passports from those entering the territory of the state, the corresponding decision was made by the judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF) Luis Roberto Barroso.
This is reported by CNN Brasil.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempt from presenting a certificate from vaccination.
Also, the list of exceptions includes people who have arrived from countries where the absence of a vaccine has been proven.
"The situation is even more serious when you consider that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year's, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which implies an increase in the tourist flow," Barroso said.
Earlier, the Brazilian authorities ordered tourists unvaccinated from coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
The scheme of full protection against COVID-19 is revealed
Virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honored Scientist of Russia Anatoly Altstein in an interview with Ura.ru he revealed the scheme of full protection against coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by injection and the use of a nasal vaccine.
With internasal use , immunoglobulins A are formed in large quantities . When the vaccine is injected, this does not happen.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside, after vaccination, we have the most G immunoglobulins (antibodies).
And if you inject both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But there is no decision on double vaccination yet," the medic said.
The chief preventologist of the Ural Federal District, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, in turn, said that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination together with injection is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this will help because in this case, the body's protection, presumably, should become maximum.
Earlier, the Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod region, David Melik-Huseynov, said that the spread of a new coronavirus infection among children would lead to a new surge in the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to him, this is exactly the picture observed in other countries, where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked to the male (died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, feeding, affection, love and games for a tech bitch, then go ahead.
But Pesel was trained and generally smart.
He chose my company and went home.
The video shows a method that works in 90% of cases.
Not taken from the ceiling, believe me.
I slowed down many owners so that they would not run after the dog, although they wailed that 200 thousand were running away (remember), I just took them by the hand and led them away in the other direction.
As a result, "200 thousand" chose the owner, not the dog that was running somewhere there.
Mass protests against vaccination do not stop in Europe
In the Austrian capital Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed dissatisfaction with restrictive measures and plans of the authorities to make vaccination against covid mandatory.
From February next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
Spaniards, outraged by the policy of the authorities in the field of health, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some held placards with the words "This is a false pandemic," "I will not be vaccinated."
A major protest against sanitary passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, a covid certificate is required for access to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment venues.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was made by the authorities of a number of regions of the country against the background of an increase in the number of cases of coronavirus infection.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then escalated into clashes with the guards.
A group of demonstrators began throwing stones at the police.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nikolay S., there is no consensus on this even in Wikipedia.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also designated as "the first Russian doctor, doctor of medicine", probably because she started studying earlier.
Let's just not argue, I think they both deserve this title.
That's just one thing I agree with Zakharova: the Americans carried only death and plunder to any country, wherever they appeared.
Mattress Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut coir on a TFK spring block.
The mattress is hard, framed on both sides with layers of natural coconut.
The mattress is based on a block of independent TFK springs.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load, help the body to take a natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
The cover made of natural jacquard is dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to the touch.
It's bad and sad to grow old alone, but it's inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad when you read about it.
A person should live as long as he can serve himself and not be a burden to anyone.
Good health to all.
WHO has discovered omicron already in six dozen states
The World Health Organization (WHO) said that a new strain of the coronavirus "omicron" has already been detected in 63 countries.
A number of experts have already said that the spread of a new strain can have disastrous consequences.
The WHO reported on the rate of spread of the strain.
According to the organization, as of December 9, the strain has already been detected in 63 countries, in all six WHO regions.
This is despite the fact that it has been actively spreading only since the end of November.
WHO also expresses concern about the high rate of spread of a new variant of coronavirus.
WHO experts express concern that the new strain, according to preliminary data, may bypass the "delta" strain, aka the Indian version of the coronavirus, which is now leading in all absolutely countries without exception.
Prior to that, the Director General of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said that the omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in the UK.
Experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that Omicron will displace Delta in the coming months.
And the number of cases in Britain alone will be about 1 million. This is despite the fact that several hundred people are officially ill with omicron at the moment in the Kingdom, and according to estimates up to 10 thousand.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the omicron strain, and at its peak, more than 2 thousand people will be taken to hospitals daily.
What the British healthcare system will not be able to cope with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that according to recent studies, the effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the omicron strain is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
It is not yet known how the Russian Sputnik V reacts to Omicron - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has just started testing the Russian vaccine on the Omicron strain.
Why do we need to see the stages of aging?
It would be better to see the performance of your exercises in more detail.
It is not clear in the first exercise how to do: sitting on your heels or kneeling, as it is written, but then how to rest your hands on your hips?
Or hands on the waist?
Curious Squirrel, you are right, communication on the Internet is completely different, they communicate easily and naturally, and there is nothing to say in person.
And to see a person live, perhaps it's not what you expected, it didn't catch on - hence the attitude.
When he meets his man, then the views will change.
And again, Soviet times are called "the time of demons."
Yes, then people believed in God much more honestly than they do today.
And they were brought up practically according to God's laws (love for one's neighbor, do not steal, etc.).
What is the ideology today - money at any cost.
For talkers like Globa, faith is not enough (yes, it does not exist at all), but even so, the time of demons came in the 90s...
Our St. Petersburg, or rather Leningrad communal apartment with a Large Green Area still maintains communication.
Of course, we are not the closest friends, but we try to keep the warmth of the older generation's relations.
Maybe this is due to the fact that there were no visitors in the apartment, rooms were not rented, and no one canceled the blockade brotherhood.
Unfortunately, we see each other more often at funerals.
Lara Angelic, come on!
Human cubs, especially males, are strong, mobile, energetic, furious, pushing, fighting, fighting, just like their little "brothers" in the wild!
It's just a pity that they are not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches are common, but not a boomerang!
And for what?
Did you push your brother without calculating his strength?
And are you always so clever that you never accidentally hurt anyone and never injured yourself?
Mattress SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm.
The mattress with a spring block Bonnel Wave Space BS (Wave Space BiEs) has moderate rigidity on both sides.
The comfortable layers of the mattress are a combination of coconut plate and artificial latex with a raised surface — ErgoFoam.
The cover of the product is cotton, made of jacquard weave fabric.
It is durable, resistant to wear, at the same time it allows air to pass well without interfering with the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is quilted on a sintepon, this gives it softness.
A practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coconut coir has antimicrobial properties, it is tough, evenly distributes the weight that falls on it.
Artificial latex with a cellular sharp surface provides the mattress with a micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
The Bonnel block, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it withstands heavy loads, and is well suited for couples with a small difference in weight.
Along the perimeter, the product is reinforced with a PU foam box — it prolongs the service life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennett announced the start of vaccination in schools
The Israeli Ministry of Health has been launching an emergency program to increase vaccination since Sunday.
Since the morning of December 12, coronavirus vaccination has been carried out in schools throughout Israel.
Prime Minister of the Jewish State Naftali Bennett said at today's cabinet meeting that the issue of vaccination with the fourth dose of citizens at risk will also be studied.
In Israel, mass vaccination of the population against COVID-19 coronavirus infection began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are vaccinated with Pfizer.
Since January 10 of the same year, vaccinated people began to receive a second dose.
Vaccination of adolescents aged 12-15 in this country started in early June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of vaccination, the third - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gower, well, probably, the tick will not crawl to the trap, it's ARACHNID, as LYALYA put it.
In any case, I don't see a tick.
But I'm curious, what if there is?
It is necessary to throw something else to him, to tempt
Dimax Genius 70x190 Baby Mattress
Children's double-sided mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut coir based on an independent spring block EVS500.
Children's springless mattress made of latex and coconut on an independent spring block.
Natural latex is a soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep as comfortable as possible.
On the reverse side, the mattress is of medium hardness, comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
The mattress is based on a block of independent springs.
The springs distribute the load as accurately and evenly as possible over the surface of the mattress, supporting the body in its natural position.
A great option for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The case is made of polycotton.
The material is durable, wear-resistant, not subject to abrasion.
In Brazil, as a result of heavy rains, seven people were killed
At least seven people were killed and 175 injured as a result of heavy rains that hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas Gerais.
This is reported in TASS with reference to the rescue services.
An extratropical cyclone has been raging on the border of these states since the middle of the week, as a result of which the level of precipitation in the region has reached 450 mm. A state of emergency has been declared in 25 municipalities of the state of Bahia, in some of them floods have become the most destructive in 35 years.
The elements destroyed several bridges, two river dams, blocked traffic on three highways.
According to rescuers, about 5.7 thousand people were left homeless, another 6.7 thousand were forced to leave their homes.
The damage from the disaster affected over 85 thousand residents of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol ointment, I work with medicines.
It relieves inflammation well.
Personally, I like Bepanten more for the regeneration of superficial wounds and abrasions, but you know better on the spot what is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is underway, there was such a hole, it was just creepy.
Hola, España, you didn't hear me and didn't understand.
I will answer with the lines of M. Isakovsky: "Migratory birds are flying\ Past summer to look for.\n
They fly to hot countries, \pA I don't want to fly away,\ pA I'm staying with you, \My other side!\n
I don't need someone else's sun, I don't need the earth."
And believe me, the photos from the park where I went skiing or my city will be no worse.
By the way, it would be much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Wax crayons MAPPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 colors, twisting, in plastic. housing.
A set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a twisting rod.
They do not crumble, do not stain the handles, they are absolutely safe.
Do not require sharpening.
The case is made of high-quality durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: zipper bag.
$135 billion went into applications - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending in apps increased by 25% worldwide, and the number of downloads increased by 8%.
The most popular in the world were various video services.
Most of all, users downloaded the CapCut video editor, and spent the most on YouTube.
Both the number of app downloads and user spending in them showed a significant increase in the period from January to November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. User spending in applications has increased even more significantly: by 25%, to a record $135 billion.
Such data was published by the analytical company App Annie, which presented a report on the mobile application market in 2021.
In 2021, the global economy came out of lockdown and began a post-pandemic recovery.
"Will such a "return to the physical" slow down the growth of the application economy? Not at all," the authors of the report believe.
India has become the leader in the number of app downloads: it accounts for about 20% of all downloads.
It is followed by the USA (9%) and Brazil (8%).
iOS gadget users, as before, spent more than Android users: iOS accounted for 65% of all app spending.
Among the applications, the first place in the number of downloads for 2021 was taken by the CapCut video editor.
It is followed by two Indian applications: the MX TakaTak video service and the Meesho online trading application.
Telegram is also in the top 10 by the number of downloads.
In general, judging by the number of downloads, VPN services are popular among users (there are two of them in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to the creation and broadcast of videos (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak, two more such services are in the top 10 - Moj and SnackVideo).
"Users spent the most in applications for live broadcasts and online streaming," the authors of the report note.
YouTube is the leader here, the top 5 in terms of user spending also includes the TikTok video service, the streaming video services Disney+ and HBO Max, as well as the Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma.
Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok occupy the first places in terms of the number of monthly active users, the mobile version of Microsoft Office closes the top 5.
In Russia, the leader in the number of downloads for the year turned out to be the AliExpress shopping app.
It is followed by the Zenly service, which shows the location of friends, and the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 applications are: online karaoke StarMaker, online clothing retailer Shein, Maps for Minecraft PE application, online taxi ordering service DiDi, a client for YouTube Pure Tuber, the retailer's application "Dixie" and the online store "Scooter".
All over the world, people have adapted to the pandemic through the transition to life in mobile, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The greatest successes were achieved by those industries that helped people to be closer both virtually and personally," Lexi Sidow, Head of Marketing Research at App Annie, commented on the results of the report.
The revenue of the mobile games sector in 2021 reached $90 billion. The leaders in the number of downloads were casual and hyper-casual games, in which there is no or almost no plot, and video registration is minimal.
The top 3 most popular games in the world included Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia, DOP 2 is the leader among games: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends of the next year, the company's analysts named the growth in the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growing popularity of financial applications among generation Z, such as Robinhood investor applications, as well as a further increase in the popularity of metaversive mobile games.
Delicacy Clan De File for dogs with beef, 30 pcs. 40 g.
Natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages from beef.
Clan De File - meat fillet for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
Natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Only one type of protein is used in cooking - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, which means that the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the delicacy is meat fillet processed in accordance with the quality standards that are used in cooking for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily diet: no more than 10% of the daily diet of an adult animal.
Energy value: 407 kCal.
Ingredients: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians were warned about a new fraud scheme
The attackers began to look for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
Izvestia writes about this with reference to experts.
According to Zaur Abutalimov, Product Director of Ivideon, the main danger associated with the spread of video communication tools are deepfakes.
In this case, fraudsters create a fake video based on real recordings with the participation of the victim.
Thanks to this, the neural network is able to accurately reproduce the features of a person's behavior.
Abutalimov added that using a deepfake, attackers can call the victim's friends via video link or create a video clip with a copy of a person for distribution with the purpose of blackmail.
"Such fakes can easily provoke bullying, since a savvy attacker can put people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scenarios," the expert said.
The leading system engineer of Varonis, Alexander Vetkol, in turn, noted that psychologically people trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this could create specific risks when it comes to technologies using video.
David, I'll add.
In what I wrote above, I emphasized that I bought all this in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow me to make up too much and walk in short skirts, show stockings and tights on legs.
This is a province, but there was such a product in the store.
In big cities, Muslim women wore makeup and showed their thighs.
That's how it is in Dushanbe, it is a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are a lot of fashionistas, but there are no the same cosmetics.
Listed are five actions that will help to avoid diabetes
Problems with blood sugar levels are among the most common in the world.
However, some do not attach much importance to this, and in vain.
Diabetes mellitus can eventually lead to severe complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a major role in preventing the formation of diseases.
So, doctors recommend changing the drinking regime - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to regular water have a positive effect on metabolism.
Sweet foods raise blood sugar levels to a dangerous level when consumed in excess.
Therefore, the first step on the way to a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and store them at home.
The appearance of the disease is affected not only by improper nutrition, but also by habits.
To reduce the risks of diabetes, you need to move a lot.
Experts advise to stick to a low-carb diet.
Such a diet will not only help to reduce weight, but also protect against sudden fluctuations in sugar levels.
To protect against diabetes, you need to eat a lot of fiber.
Dietary fibers fill the stomach and thus contribute to the emergence of a feeling of satiety, the release of digestive juices and increased absorption of food.
Seeds of tomatoes GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0,10 g, article No. 4241014.
A stunted early beef tomato with abundant fruiting for growing in the open ground and under temporary film shelters.
The plant is determinant, with short internodes.
The fruits are large, rich pink, quite dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by leaves, well stored.
The flesh is juicy, with a sugar taste.
The hybrid is resistant to a complex of diseases.
It is recommended for preparing salads, snacks and slicing.
Sowing for seedlings: in late March - early April.
The picking is in the phase of the first real sheet.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After planting in the open ground, the plants are formed and tied up.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has Class A energy efficiency, which allows you to consume noticeably less electricity during operation.
The freezer is perfect for both a private house and an apartment due to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and excellent noise insulation in it.
the camera does not work louder than a regular refrigerator.
The fast freezing function freezes products in the shortest possible time, preserving the maximum amount of useful substances.
The Slavda FC-160 freezer corresponds to the climatic class N/ST, which allows it to work seamlessly at room temperatures up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova told about "weekend migraines" in workaholics
Several factors can lead to a deterioration of well - being at the weekend
The reason for the deterioration of well-being after working days is often a "weekend migraine," said a well-known endocrinologist, candidate of medical Sciences, senior researcher at the Faculty of Fundamental Medicine of Moscow State University, scientific director of the Clinic of Systemic Medicine Zukhra Pavlova in her telegram channel.
According to her, workaholics suffer especially often from this, who have headaches, bruising and weakness on weekends.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to the fatigue accumulated during the week, there are quite a lot of objective reasons for the negative reaction of the body to changes in conditions.
On weekends, our life changes radically.
"We sleep for a long time, we lie on the couch all day, most likely we eat more and drink less," the doctor argued. - Due to the lack of coffee, a slight withdrawal begins.
Due to overeating and lack of water - heaviness and weakness."
An additional role is played by the late rise.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, there will be a reaction called jetlag.
It occurs in travelers who cross several time zones.
To determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of well-being, Pavlova recommended to track what changes the most on weekends.
Mattress Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185.
The reinforced perimeter of high-density foam significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
Mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of rigidity, the total height of the mattress is 23 cm.
The maximum permissible load per bed is up to 140 kg.
The mattress is based on an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows you to properly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt has been added separating the mattress fillers and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 2 cm thick, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
Cotton jacquard quilted on artificial latex 2 cm thick and Hollcon material 1 cm, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 1 cm thick and a layer of felt is used.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
The impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the layers.
South African scientists have announced the low effectiveness of Pfizer's vaccine against omicron
In South Africa, they announced the low effectiveness of Pfizer's vaccine against omicron
Scientists of the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported on the low effectiveness of Pfizer's vaccine against omicron, a strain of coronavirus infection.
According to estimates, it (the level of neutralization of omicron) corresponds to (the level of) the effectiveness of the vaccine at 22.5% against infection with symptoms, which is why... the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection is being questioned," says the text of the study published on the medRxiv portal.
At the same time, experts clarified that the drug can save from the severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of coronavirus could cause a new wave of pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in the usual products?
Sugar is not the best source of healthy nutrients.
Its excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cause cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should take into account that under an unfamiliar word in the composition of the product, hidden sugar may be indicated - an ingredient similar to sugar in caloric content, composition and glycemic index.
The label may contain several dozen names, in fact, denoting sugar.
One of the most common and common names is glucose and fructose.
There may also be other coated sugars, such as dextrose (sugar derived from corn), levulose (fruit sugar), molasses (molasses), agave syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be not only in confectionery, but also in ketchup, in doctor's sausage, bread, etc.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, as well as pay attention to the label and to many different names of sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but no matter what the ingredient in the product is called - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it still remains sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar, since it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the package, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total amount of sugar may be significantly higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: gas will lose importance for Germany in 25 years
The new German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that gas imports are losing importance for Germany, as the country continues the transition to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal by 2045, becoming a climate-neutral country.
"That is, in 25 years the world will be such that the issue of gas transportation to Germany and Europe will play a different role," the chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany continues to remain committed to Ukraine transporting Russian natural gas in the future, as at the moment this resource is important for the energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States made a statement in which Berlin's support for Ukraine's energy transformation was recorded.
Earlier, German Foreign Minister Annalena Berbock said that the process of certification of the Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline continues.
According to the Minister, as part of the coalition negotiations and discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that European energy law should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline does not yet "comply with the regulations" of the European Union.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
In 1985, I had to go to those parts.
I perfectly remember the CHMEZ, climbing from the Kanatchikovo station uphill, past an old building (similar to the centralization post, two-story), along the Kanatchikovsky passage, and turning right onto Vavilov Street, to the factory gate...
Hackers have hacked the Twitter of the Prime Minister of India
Hackers have hacked the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The attackers managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India allegedly recognized bitcoin as a legal tender, and also that the country has already purchased cryptocurrency.
Modi's office was asked to ignore the new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that they reacted quickly on Twitter - access to the account was restored.
The page of the Prime Minister of India has already been hacked in 2020 and urged to make donations to the fund using cryptocurrency.
In a referendum in New Caledonia, the majority voted against independence
In New Caledonia, the third referendum, held on December 12, ended with the same result as the previous two.
According to the first partial results announced on Sunday, December 12, at noon, the majority of New Caledonians voted during the referendum against the independence of their territory.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote has become significantly lower than in the previous two.
According to preliminary results published by the local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) voted "for" the independence of New Caledonia from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted "against".
The turnout was 43.90%, in total more than 80 thousand residents of New Caledonia took part in the elections.
As the France-Presse agency comments on these interim results, "the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt," as supporters of independence urged voters not to participate in the vote.
Being the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that a new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic in the archipelago hinders a full-fledged and "honest" election campaign.
Thus, this non-participation paved the way for the third victory of the supporters of French New Caledonia, after the referendums held in November 2018 and October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, in 2020 - 53.3%.
According to the separatists, they do not recognize the results of the last vote and will challenge them at the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, at the Elysee Palace, French President Emmanuel Macron is to speak on the results of this referendum.
The topic of independence of New Caledonia has largely revived the last weeks of the presidential campaign in France.
Several presidential candidates spoke in favor of the territory remaining part of France, as it is "the last region of the European Union's presence in the Pacific Ocean."
"New Caledonia must necessarily remain French," Eric Zemmour repeatedly repeated.
The same statement was made by the Republican candidate Valerie Pecress, who at the end of October published a column in Le Figaro, urging Caledonians to remain French.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take a position "because it is not his responsibility."
However, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "a strong desire for the choice of the Caledonians to be the choice of France."
Sveta, oh, hello!
I'll give you a little... I've been very rude, I'm still embarrassed, ashamed.
Thank you for not turning away from my channel.
Related: I'm not an artist, I love to draw, but it turns out an inspired daub.
But as an artist - not an artist at all: what would change here?
Just do not forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as widespread as it is now.
But medicine was at zero - leeches, garlic and decoctions.
Now they would have put me on my feet in a moment.
And the food has absolutely nothing to do with it.
Turkey has tested the world's first drone with laser weapons
Turkey has successfully tested the world's first drone with a laser weapon.
The UAV "Eren" was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 m, MIR24 reports.
The device is capable of neutralizing explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum flight altitude of the novelty reaches 3 thousand meters.
After passing the appropriate tests, the UAV should enter service with the Turkish military, who will use it to destroy explosive devices without involving sappers.
The agency emphasizes that Turkey is among the six countries in the world capable of developing and producing its own drones.
I cut pink salmon with steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper and sweet peas.
Sometimes I added cloves, it does not interfere.
In a deep cup, covered with a saucer on top.
Well, that's about it.
And why do I need this salmon, for such money it is unknown what, pink salmon is a great fish.
Bread, butter, pink salmon.
Awesome sandwich.
WSJ readers criticized the article about the relations between Russia and the United States
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized an article by Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the material expressed concern that the West is allegedly sacrificing Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow, and has made a number of offensive statements against Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the end, Hartwell called on Western countries to "present a united front against Russia."
WSJ readers expressed their disagreement with the position of the American professor.
"There is quite a lot of false information in this article," RIA Novosti quotes a comment from one of the readers.
"Europe is not ours to "lose", and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never enter into a nuclear war with Russia for the sake of Ukraine," another noted.
Patches can also be applied to the lip area.
Used in the production of Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch patches, hydrogel is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorbency and transfer of highly concentrated natural plant essence to the skin, fits snugly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
When transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the concomitant loss of moisture and causes the essence to penetrate into the deep layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with remote control Nores
The 2085/EL lamp of the NORES series consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic diffuser.
The material of the diffuser is high-quality acrylic of a white matte color, which provides the lamp with uniform dispersion and good light transmission.
The shape of the lampshade: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots, giving the included lamp a beautiful effect of "star flickering" and transfusion.
The degree of protection IP43 allows the lamp to be used in certain areas of humid rooms.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, with a power of 72 watts, which corresponds to an incandescent lamp of 520 watts.
As well as a remote control, with the help of which a smooth change in the color temperature of 3000-6000K, a change in brightness, switching to the warm/white/ cold / night light switching mode is carried out.
Uryazh Facial Mask moisturizing thermal night 50 ml.
Ultra-moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rested and radiant skin in the morning!
A real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tones, smoothes the skin relief and restores the skin barrier.
Very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
An excellent skin care product after active sun exposure!
Hypoallergenic.
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril Islands
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 231.8 km northeast of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
The hearth lay at a depth of 92.5 km .
Earlier, seismologists recorded an earthquake of magnitude 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to break out into people, it is unknown where his petty-bourgeois thinking would have gone.
It's good when you came to America as a famous person.
And if you were born there, it is not known what you would fight for.
So it was in vain that he poured mud, bile and poison on the system, which no one has come up with a fairer one yet.
Ukraine will start producing a new generation of jet drones
ANKA-type jet unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) will be created at the new Ukrainian-Turkish plant.
This was announced on December 11 by Alexey Arestovich, a freelance adviser to the head of the office of the Ukrainian president.
That is, they are able to act against aerial objects, against other drones.
Even against manned aircraft.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of the Turkish avionics: the hull and the like," he quotes Диалог.иа .
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA devices, Arestovich said that we are talking about jet, not piston UAVs.
According to him, this is a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceed it "in all characteristics."
The first batch of UAVs should be produced by the plant at the end of next year, Arestovich concluded.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the drone has been carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
On the eve of the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems during military operations of the joint forces in the Donbass.
On December 6, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky announced that construction of a plant for the manufacture of modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kiev region, where personnel will be trained, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish Bayraktar UAVs.
The press service of the office of the Ukrainian leader called this memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from a container at the airport
Lions escaped at Singapore Changi Airport.
This is reported by The Straits Times.
Two predators managed to get out of a container with seven lions that arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were going.
One of the runaway lions lay down on the roof of the container.
The animals could not move away from him because of the protective net installed nearby.
The confrontation ended after the arrival at the airport of employees of the Mandai Wildlife Group, which is in charge of all Singapore zoos.
They immobilized the lions with tranquilizer darts and plan to deliver them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, a lion escaped from its owner and walked the streets of the city.
On the same day, the beast voluntarily returned home, people were not injured.
Experts warned about the threat of cancer due to vitamin B9
Research suggests that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
This was warned by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people who do not lack folic acid are less at risk of getting some types of cancer, in particular, colorectal.
However, exceeding the required dose, on the contrary, promotes the growth of cancer cells.
Professor at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, nutritionist Beth Kitchin advises to monitor the amount of folic acid consumed during the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only if you significantly deviate from this figure to a greater or lesser side.
Kitchin recommends not taking vitamin B9 in tablets without a doctor's recommendation, be sure to monitor the dosage and avoid flakes with milk and other foods that contain folic acid.
Earlier, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Since it is, among other things, contained in avocados, Fine recommended that men over 50 eat this fruit more often.
In the UK, about 75 thousand people may die due to the omicron strain by April
Forecasts of British scientists show that due to the spread of the omicron strain of coronavirus, up to 75 thousand people may die in England in the next five months, if restrictive measures are not tightened in winter.
This was reported by The Guardian newspaper with reference to a study by experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), reports TASS.
According to the most optimistic forecast of specialists who are part of the scientific advisory group on emergency situations under the British Cabinet of Ministers, by April 2022, at least 25 thousand deaths due to the omicron strain will be recorded in the country, and about 175 thousand patients will be hospitalized in total.
At the same time, at the peak of morbidity, hospitals will receive more than 2 thousand infected people daily.
"Serious measures to combat coronavirus may be required to prevent the National Health Service from being overwhelmed if the omicron strain turns out to be more contagious than the delta variant, and current vaccines will not be able to exclude infections," said mathematician Rosanna Barnard from LSHTM.
Earlier, the UK Health Safety Agency informed: if the rate of spread of the omicron strain remains at the current level, then by the end of the year about 1 million cases of infection will be detected in the country.
At the same time, by mid-December, the omicron strain may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
At the moment, 1,898 cases of infection with the omicron strain of coronavirus have been detected in the UK, of which 633 have been detected over the past day.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sajid Javid, indicated that in reality this figure could already reach 10 thousand cases.
After all, I wanted to write some smart comment, but I read up to this place:
"A fur coat obtained as a result of the incredible suffering of the unfortunate animal and his employment for a second job."
And it fell under the table!
It turns out that the "unfortunate animal" is the husband, and I thought that a chinchilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Edge, judging by the dislikes, the thoughts you express are not very accessible to most.
What did you mean by that - that those who are in instagrams are pretending, or are they just in time for everything, because they have no need to pretend?
The NW is like a clothing drain, everything that did not disperse at the time turns out to be here.
If you set a goal and dig deep, then you can find something worthwhile among the junk.
You just need to be patient and clearly understand what you are looking for.
Demand for superyachts has grown by a quarter in the world
The construction of superyachts this year and orders for next year are breaking all records in the world, despite calls to reduce the hydrocarbon footprint and the fight against climate change.
In the world register of vessels, the number of yachts ordered amounted to 1200 units - a quarter more than last year.
In the era of combating the effects of climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions, it is difficult to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for a floating fortress for 50 million pounds and above will not decrease, writes the Guardian.
However, there are more and more of them.
This year, 25% more ships were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokers say that there has not been such a rush in the market for 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht are afraid of infection on land and prefer to hide from the pandemic on board their own vessel.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If earlier all these people went to the office and met with business partners in person, now the absolute majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are conducted by zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that the shipyards accept orders for new yachts for 2025 and later.
This means that customers are willing to pay more if only their yacht was ready at least a year or two earlier.
"People just crave freedom, and the super-rich could afford it," he says.
In Western society, many criticize this behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, sociologists say, do not want to understand that in times of hardship, traveling into space, living on yachts or flying on their own planes cause irritation in society, because the elite does not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are calling on governments to take action and propose introducing new taxes and rules for the super-rich, although they understand that with such a mobility of money, it will be extremely difficult to implement this.
Meanwhile, only the number of super yachts ordered is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1,200 vessels, 27 have a stern length above 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke is building a REV Ocean yacht with a length of 183 meters.
After launching, it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a "moon pool", as well as a submarine designed to explore the depths of the sea.
Helicopter pads, open-air cinemas have become common on existing super yachts, and on some of them, such as on the yacht of wrestler McGregor, a platform for martial arts.Richard Wilk, professor of economic anthropology at the American University in Indiana, says that compared to the total number of greenhouse gas emissions, the carbon footprint produced by the super-rich is insignificant.
But it has a symbolic meaning, considering that there are a little more than 2,000 multi-billionaires in the world.
This is just another example of overconsumption of a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emission footprint of billionaires is thousands of times larger than the footprint of the average inhabitant of the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, then the biggest polluter of the planet, Roman Abramovich, is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two-thirds of the emission trace was attached to his Eclipse yacht with a length of 162.5 meters.
Even if the owner is not on board the yacht, the crew continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the command to bring the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners do not arouse the sympathy of other people when they, like Australia's richest woman Gina Reinhard, who owns mines on the continent, complain via YouTube that there is no berth for their giant ships.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for vessels 50 meters high.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol leading to the development of bowel cancer has been determined
American scientists have determined how much alcoholic beverages per week increases the risk of cancer.
This is reported by the Daily Express.
Experts have concluded that the consumption of four or more servings of alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of developing cancer.
At the same time, the probability of developing the disease increases with an increase in the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, men who drink moderately have a higher risk of bowel cancer than women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact cause of the development of this type of oncology, noting only that certain factors lead to a harmful process for the body.
Thanks to the author for the decent material and photos.
Sergey, I don't see anything wrong with selfishness and pride.
Just like you don't see selfishness and pride in a man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to shoulder her expenses and responsibilities, and to enjoy the title of father himself at a safe distance.
Why do they work in the ministry, they belong in the circus.
I understand that everything should have been on a royal scale, but the model is very hypertrophied.
It's hard to even imagine how poor Diana was stuffed into a carriage, and indeed any movement.
I was 12 years old, and I remember watching the ceremony on TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful fluffy dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I changed my mind about being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many, or rather all dog lovers are sure that these creatures are very smart.
But even they don't realize how much four-legged pets are actually developed.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out for sure how intelligence is developed in animals.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, however, a new study proves that a dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The works of scientists were published in the publication Sciencealert.
Dogs can't play chess or compose poetry, they don't know anything about politics, economics and art, yet they often manage to fool their owners.
Representatives of some breeds, experts believe, show the best results in understanding the words of the human language, but statistical data for accurate conclusions is not enough yet.
So, some breeds are traditionally considered dog geniuses - for example, labradors.
Scientists have come to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and the ability to learn is not inferior to a two-year-old child.
Mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
Mattress on an independent TFK spring block with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent TFK unit.
This is a reliable modern design of 512 independent springs for a sleeping place.
Each spring is in a separate pouch and has no effect on the neighboring ones.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person assumes a natural form during sleep.
The springs are insulated from the upper layers by thermal insulation for strength.
On top of the felt there are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and excellent properties.
One side is complemented with a thin layer of natural semizonal latex.
This natural filler has 7 comfort zones, promotes the perception of a person's weight, has a light massage effect.
The Antistress case is made of velour quilted with 250 g of hallcon per square meter.
It is pleasant to the touch and externally, has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a striking example is Axel's deep-sea angler Thaumaticht.
Some of his victims are so great that they cause the death of the anglerfish.
He simply cannot swallow them, and his teeth do not allow him to spit out too much prey back into the water.
If you are indifferent to the fate of your real estate in the number of four objects, then why did you decide that someone is interested in your objects and he will be happy for them?
Today, the law makes it possible for you to manage your property.
Manage yourself if you don't like how others do it.
In Ukraine, the United States and Russia are ready to bargain
The United States and Russia will "bargain" over Ukraine's entry into NATO, analyst Alexander Kochetkov said in his article for the publication "Glavred".
In his opinion, Washington and Moscow are planning to continue negotiations in the near future on the guarantees of the United States that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries to "join anywhere."
If you are offered something obviously unacceptable, well, for example, to sell a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not bargain, but simply send the person offering.
And with regard to Ukraine, a bargain is planned," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks dialogue with Kiev.
"The preparations are carried out covertly, quickly and immediately proceed to offensive actions, and do not wait until the group is discovered and counter-forces are deployed," he said.
China stimulates the development of the railway transport industry
Advanced Chinese technologies attracted the attention of companies from the USA, Germany, France and other countries at the China International Rail Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Exhibition 2021, held in Zhuzhou, Hunan Province /Central China/.
The main technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical malfunctions, said company representative Hou Zhaowen.
High-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway line, which was put into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and operability of the rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased the export of railway vehicles and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed".
In May of this year, the first double-decker high-speed electric trains designed in China for export to Europe descended from the production line of CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, the trial operation of the metro train developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey began.
The train will move along the metro line connecting the center of Istanbul with the airport of the city.
Traffic on this metro line will be opened next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey with a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"China's railway equipment manufacturing industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness," said Feng Yaoxiang, head of the Trade and Investment Department of the China Committee for the Promotion of International Trade.
"This industry is the main competitive advantage of Chinese production of high-end equipment in the global market," Feng Yaoxiang said.
After more than 60 years of hard work, through a series of independent research and development, China has established an advanced system for the production of railway transport equipment, with a full range of auxiliary facilities and with large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoxiang, the country ranks first in terms of railway electrification and operational mileage on high-speed and urban railways.
Biologist listed the early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin, in an interview with Sputnik radio, listed the early signs of dementia.
According to him, signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a number of moderate cognitive impairments, such as inability to concentrate, planning, and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
Currently, there is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence, the specialist said.
Golosheikin stressed that the causes of dementia can be neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of the cerebral vessels are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that to date, doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
According to him, learning foreign languages and active communication will help reduce the risk of developing dementia.
WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly training cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic thinking.
"There are recommendations for the use of various dietary supplements, but their effectiveness and expediency are still being debated in the scientific community," Golosheikin said.
"The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking," Golosheikin said.
Earlier, the dementia research charity in the UK said that the disease is increasingly affecting people over the age of 40.
Doctors called the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first alarming sign can be considered problems with vision, because of which the patient acquires difficulties in recognizing objects.
Another sign of developing dementia, experts called aphasia - a condition when a person cannot find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
Neurologist demanded to send Saakashvili for treatment abroad
Former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili needs psychiatric treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze, who is a member of the doctors' council established under the Ombudsman of Georgia, told reporters.
His [Saakashvili's] neurological status is leading in his disease.
Stable problems are problems with movement, coordination, variability of character," the specialist said, noting that this does not go beyond the regulatory framework and now the ex-president needs to be sent for special rehabilitation.
"We call this neurorehabilitation and psychonervative rehabilitation, the possibility of which we have not found in Georgia," Toidze said, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution that does not exist in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began sabotaging the receipt of medical care after the prison service staff subjected him to disciplinary punishment.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to cancel the punishment and restore himself to his former rights.
Alexandra, "Do you also take money for this?" - I wonder where such people come from...
is it normal to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we eat prana?
There is another side to the coin here.
After all, these people are parasites on the body of society.
They do not work, they do not pay taxes, they live on benefits and at the expense of relatives.
At the same time, they receive full medical care.
How many mouths can a worker feed?
We feed all drunks, drug addicts, who also lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we are surprised at the extension of the retirement age.
These sums could be spent on the treatment of really sick people.
Of course, the red flag of Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and it should not be confused with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it will never be able to be a state flag again.
It's time for the author to stop with provocative articles, it's time for the reds to calm down and start living a normal life, not the past.
Protests against COVID passports took place in Spain
Protests were held in the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia against the mandatory vaccination certificate from COVID-19, the Europa Press agency reports.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action was approximately 3 thousand people.
In Barcelona, COVID-passports have become mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment venues.
Many demonstrators came to the rally without masks.
With slogans on their posters, they accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respect for the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination passports will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
Protesters in this city declared a medical dictatorship, and vaccination was called an experiment.
In Spain, since the beginning of the pandemic, more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been detected, more than 88 thousand patients have died.
In Russia, it is also planned to introduce restrictions for the unvaccinated.
The government submitted bills on a unified QR code system to the State Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to visit places of mass events, cultural institutions, catering and retail facilities with the presentation of either a certificate of vaccination or a previous illness, or a medical withdrawal from vaccination.
The same rules will be established for travel by train and plane.
The brazier Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast with a glass lid.
Cast brazier with non-stick coating Anthracite TM Tradition.
The dishes are designed for daily use at home.
The exceptional strength and durability of the non-stick coating, equivalent in resistance to natural stone, is designed specifically for intensive use for every day.
Thick-walled cast housing.
Five-layer non-stick coating system of the latest generation.
Premium coating reinforced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection against burning.
It has good non-stickiness for easy and pleasant cooking of healthy dishes without oil and fat.
At least 4000 thousand cooking cycles, subject to the rules of operation.
Suitable for all types of cookers, except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each product is 4 years (subject to the rules of operation, 4 years for the case and 1 year for non-stick coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, or CADMIUM.
Pots and roasters can be used in an oven without a glass lid.
Ease of washing.
Logically, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and rarely gets sick (once or twice a year with acute respiratory viral infections), then his immunity is normal.
Immunomodulators of any kind are generally not recommended by doctors for prevention in principle.
Immunity is supported by a healthy diet and a regime plus sports.
Based on this, vaccination against influenza and this covid is meaningless.
Anti-aerosol filter 3M 5925.
Degree of protection FFP2, 2 pcs.
Article number 713946.
Replaceable FFP2 filter for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Provides protection of the user's respiratory tract from various substances in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions when the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used to protect against bacteria/viruses together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The FFP2 protection class has an MPC index greater than 0.05 mg / cubic m3, with a maximum concentration of the pollutant of 12 x MPC.
Respirators of this class of protection are capable of retaining at least 94% of harmful substances.
The pre-filters are attached to the gas filters using a 3M 501 holder.
Features: low breathing resistance.
Does not obstruct the view.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half masks, as well as 3M full-face masks.
Compatibility with other PPE necessary in difficult working conditions is ensured.
The bulging eyes of the "constitutional monarch", judging by the network, got not only me.
And this family PR is children, Father...
Revva somehow seemed like nothing to me.
All I knew was that to harass a Hare - Batrukha yes Batrukha.
Well, I found out, I said once, and keep quiet, let a friend prove himself, that's why we fought.
Steep climb: how Chinese become skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create international resorts in the country
China hopes that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to winter sports, which will allow collecting the 1 trillion yuan designated by President Xi Jinping, but also contribute to the economic development of backward remote provinces.
The Taiwu Ski Resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the venue of the Winter Olympic Games, is becoming increasingly popular with the Chinese.
In addition to the construction of infrastructure, landscaping works are also carried out in the region: workers plant trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
In many regions of China, where resorts are located, including Zhangjiakou, there are problems with snow.
The main task for the long term is to provide a comfortable and interesting vacation in Chinese resorts, so that all newcomers become regulars.
However, this is still a long way off.
Justin Downs, an adviser on the organization of the Games, says that since his last visit in 2007, the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition.
Every year in winter, more and more Chinese go to the slopes.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
Despite major changes, it will take many more years to create a ski culture here, Downs believes.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions have yet to be actively developed and create the infrastructure necessary for recreation there.
70-year-old Gao Makong lives in Chunli, not far from the venues of the Winter Olympic Games.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chunli, now none of the local residents are suffering without work.
More and more shops selling clothing and equipment for winter sports are opening in the country.
Catering outlets with national cuisine dishes are being opened on the slopes.
There is even a COVID-19 testing station on Taiva now.
China is striving to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes should become leaders of the largest international competitions, and resorts and equipment should reach the world level.
More than 500 million people in the world may face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, the WHO said
More than 500 million people in the world may be plunged into extreme poverty due to the coronavirus pandemic, which has slowed down the progress of mankind in the issue of universal access to health services, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB) said.
In connection with the International Day of Universal Health Coverage celebrated on December 12, WHO and the World Bank have published two complementary reports.
In them, they stated that the pandemic led to failures in the provision of medical services, caused excessive stress in health protection systems.
In this regard, for the first time in 10 years, immunization coverage has decreased, mortality from tuberculosis and malaria has increased.
The WHO and the World Bank stressed that the pandemic caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, so it became harder for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than 500 million people "into extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services out of pocket."
In October, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic has plunged more than 100 million people into poverty, more than four billion people have virtually no social support.
Plane Makita KP0810
Official dealer of Makita.
The powerful motor is ideal for folding.
Light weight and excellent balance.
The use of both standard and double-sided mini-blades.
A simple system for quick installation of blades.
New ergonomic design of the case, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the effect of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped grooves for chamfering of various sizes.
The sawdust removal system is optional: to the left or right side.
Wife, this is the meat of the mekhobalka.
The filth is terrible.
The bats and pangolins have already been sated, they have started to eat jellyfish.
Oh, how many wonderful discoveries can moles, mantises, lemmings still prepare for us.
Reuters: the Taiwanese minister was disconnected from the broadcast at the "Summit for Democracy" at the request of the White House
The speech of Taiwan's Minister of Digital Technologies Audrey Tan at a panel discussion during the "Summit for Democracy" organized by the United States was switched to a video-free mode, according to a YouTube recording of the summit.
Reuters, citing sources, claims that the picture was disabled at the request of the White House.
According to them, the reason was the map on which Taiwan was highlighted in a separate color from the PRC, which considers the island its territory.
The map that Ms. Tan showed was compiled by the South African non-governmental organization CIVICUS and ranked the countries of the world according to the degree of ensuring civil rights.
Taiwan was highlighted on it in green as "free", and China, North Korea, Laos and Vietnam - in red as "closed".
After the minister showed the map, the picture on her side was replaced with a screenshot with a note that the opinions of the participants in the discussion "do not necessarily express the position of the US government."
The PRC was not invited to the "Summit for Democracy".
Reuters sources note that the map shown by the Taiwanese minister could run counter to the "one China" policy that Washington adheres to.
One of the agency's sources said that after the demonstration of the map, the US National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The "Summit for Democracy" organized by Washington was held from December 9 to 10 with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" of the summit, Nobel Peace Prize laureate, editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta Dmitry Muratov called for the creation of an international fund through which money obtained through corruption would be given to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Russian Security Council Yuri Averyanov said that the summit carried an "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge."
They serve you information as if they are cooking food, and there is rotten meat everywhere, in fact, the meat remains with the butcher until the last piece.
The classic of journalism is to create news out of nothing.
They do not boil meat, but horns and hooves, getting a substance like glue.
The finished product looks like a yellow translucent strip almost odorless and hard as plastic, used as natural gelatin.
In general, there are no less harmful substances from waste recycling than from its decomposition.
But it saves companies a lot of money.
Therefore, a fairy tale about ecology was invented for suckers who will also work on garbage collection for free for the idea.
Personally, my contribution to ecology is the rejection of the acquisition of unnecessary and long-term use of things.
If I go out of bounds, I don't throw it away, but give it to charity.
Football shorts Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016, white/black (XL).
Description: football game shorts are perfect for playing football and playing sports.
The shorts have a straight comfortable cut.
A wide belt in combination with an adjustment cord ensures a comfortable fit.
The fabric is characterized by high strength, durability, lightness and good breathability, meeting the requirements of the game at any level.
The updated brand logo is on the left side.
The shorts are packed in a convenient reusable bag with a flap closure.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide belt with drawstring, strong durable fabric, good breathability.
Specifications.
Crawl away into specialties that allow you to work via the Internet.
Many of us get out by working for my uncle, but abroad.
But because of the difference in currencies, it is beneficial for us.
Relative to other countries, we are still poor.
Of course, you'll have to learn different stuff, but... working on the network allows you not to depend on the internal labor market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And those that create - yes, you won't earn much on them.
Table set "Egoist-unity" with gilding (4 items).
The Royal Childhood collection is one of the widest and most famous collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and pacifiers, drinking cups and mugs.
All children's silver appliances undergo strict quality control.
Ecological silver produced directly at the factory, careful hand polishing with cotton rollers make the products absolutely safe for the child.
Thanks to the disinfecting function of silver, regular use of silver appliances can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some of the typical childhood diseases.
The specialists of the factory received a grant for the use of a complex, but very beautiful guilloche technique, which was used by the famous Carl Faberge.
This made it possible to create amazingly bright and three-dimensional images on the products.
The collection is full of cute characters who will become loyal friends for the child.
Inka the Squirrel, everything will be fine.
There is a second lung.
The lung tissue regenerates well, if not everything is removed, the remaining portion will grow.
If it is a pulmonectomy, then the second lung will eventually become larger and will function for two.
Try to breathe deeply yourself, fathers are stronger than daughters, they don't really like tears.
Don't mourn ahead of time.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
The New Shepard spacecraft of Blue Origin with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, broadcast on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended to Earth, TASS reports.
The launch of the launch vehicle was carried out from the spaceport near the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to a height of just over 100 km, space tourists found themselves in a state of weightlessness.
The launch vehicle itself landed normally on the site of the cosmodrome.
On July 20, Blue Origin successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard spacecraft with passengers on board.
SKETCHES OF A VILLAGE MUSCOVITE.
It is not necessary in one pile - there are bad people, you may have complaints about them on a specific occasion...
but what does the number of children, age, pension fund and so on have to do with it?
Write that they are "scoundrels, did not return the money."
But how many and when they have children is not your business until they are going to hang these children around your neck.
And if this is excluded, then what right do you have to condemn them?
Probably, this is only true in education...
The chosen (by themselves) parents dictate their own rules, frankly spitting on existing ones.
And if it concerns other spheres of life, legal proceedings, etc.?
There are no laws written for them.
And if Dad does introduce his own method of upbringing and education?
Some kind of horror and an example for others is very bad.
Embroidery kit "Feathered stars" DESIGN WORKS 2719.
The composition of the set: canvas Aida 14 ct dark blue, floss, sequins, sequins, needle, diagram, instructions.
The production of Design Works dates back to 1987 and is still popular all over the world.
Many of the motifs have been worked out by such a famous designer as Ronald West.
Design Works cross stitch kits are equipped with high-quality Aida canvas, 100% cotton floss and tapestry needle No. 24.
Also in the assortment you will find embroidery kits on plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, paths and tablecloths and much more.
China is strengthening the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land checkpoints are located
The Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council of the People's Republic of China has issued a circular prescribing to strengthen the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land checkpoints are located, in order to further prevent the importation of infection from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must provide a negative test result for COVID-19 nucleic acids received within 48 hours before departure.
Those who come to the cities where the land checkpoints are located must pass at least one test for COVID-19 nucleic acids upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be in effect from the day when the relevant provincial-level administrative units define and publish the zones of these cities, until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities where land checkpoints are located and which meet certain conditions may consider the possibility of creating buffer zones for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisiya Sokolova, as usual, Russian women are attracted to the Eastern ethnic group by Indian films that were only played in cinemas in Russia.
In the west, no one watched this nonsense with the natives.
And how many such towns and villages are forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, article: 5110704.
The composition of the RelaxFoam 2 cm mattress layers: aloe latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
The cover is a Splendid knitwear.
Knitted fabric made of cotton has a special design.
The base is braided with special synthetic threads that provide special strength and softness of the material.
The honeycomb structure of the weave supports natural thermoregulation and moisture removal during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/sq. m.
Mattress Dimax OK Basis, size 130x185.
The spring orthopedic mattress OK Basis is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The practical filler Balance Foam gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time leaves the price at the budget level.
This product is an optimal combination of price and quality.
Balance foam is a modern material that is obtained from PU foam.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
That is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much stricter than Russian ones.
Another important quality of the Foam Balance is its orthopaedics: the material supports the correct position of a person throughout the entire sleep time.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has acquired a stiffness below the average level, so the product is considered soft enough by the manufacturer.
The main load-bearing unit in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for the content of independent springs, 256 elements per square meter are located here at once.
The practical unit can withstand a weight of up to 100 kg per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, enhancing the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
The manufacturer provides a choice between a spring block with a height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final cost.
Be sure to indicate your preferences when ordering to the store operator.
The mattress comes in a knitted cover, together with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is non-removable.
Orthopedic foam, which is used in the mattress, has a CertiPUR certificate.
Wall lamp Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Perfect for spaces such as the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting device is supplied in color: gold.
The lamp uses lamps with an E14 base.
The total power allows you to illuminate approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this lamp for rooms decorated in the "Classic" style.
The Foreign Ministry told about the "sad conclusion" in relations between Russia and the United States
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov, in an interview with Izvestia, assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long path of cooperation led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not begin yesterday.
There is a one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of some prospects for improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion based on the results of the long journey that we have gone through with the current administration, with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday," the diplomat said.
According to Ryabkov, the problems are connected with the desire of the United States to impose approaches on Russia on a variety of issues.
The Deputy Foreign Minister added that he would not risk giving optimistic forecasts about the prospects for improving relations and would not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that with the exception of such areas as strategic stability and cybersecurity, there is no progress.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach to international security issues and hopes that the signals will be heard and the Americans will listen to the arguments of common sense.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, at a meeting with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken, said that Moscow was ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
Virologist warned about the dangers of vaccination with nasal drug from COVID outside hospitals
Those vaccinated with the nasal vaccine from COVID-19 may have allergies and need medical help, so the first points for vaccination with this drug should not be organized at airports and shopping malls.
This was reported to TASS by virologist, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the Laboratory of Bionanotechnology, Microbiology and Virology of Novosibirsk State University Sergey Netesov.
It is easier to organize vaccination points with nasal vaccine at airports and shopping malls, but I would do it at first only in medical institutions.
The fact is that there is a chance of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is small, but it is desirable that a person then sit next to the doctor's office.
Doctors have special sets of anti-allergic drugs that work in just a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary," Netesov said.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping malls when experience in using the drug is accumulated.
He also stressed that when using a nasal vaccine, it is important that it gets on the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
At the same time, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the vaccinated with nasal congestion blows his nose after injection.
Painting by numbers on canvas, anime "blade dissecting demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring pages by numbers are interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many people like to draw, but sometimes there are not enough abilities or skills.
This simple, but very exciting activity allows you to relax, realize your creative potential and create masterpieces with your own hands.
There are many unusual paintings and "unbroken" plots in the assortment!
We develop topical stories on our own and try to make you happy with the result!
It's very simple!
When painting, the contours applied to the canvas will not "float", they do not dissolve with water.
Each segment is numbered so as not to get lost in the colors.
The finished picture will become a bright element of the situation, a highlight of the interior, attracting attention at first glance.
But this picture was not painted by some artist.
You drew it yourself.
With your own hands!
Serbia has produced 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian vaccine Sputnik V, the country's Minister of Innovation and Technological Development Nenad Popovich told TASS.
"About 2 million doses of the Sputnik V vaccine have been produced so far at the Torlak State Institute, we expect that at least 4 million of them will be produced in the coming period," Popovich stated.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among the Serbs.
In this regard, the republic plans to purchase an additional million doses of vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production of the Sputnik V nasal vaccine and the Sputnik Lite drug on the territory of the state.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that the Russian Federation has delivered to Serbia almost two million doses of the domestic vaccine against coronavirus infection "Sputnik V".
Lama, they say, true believers make up the church.
Whether these true believers exist or not, we cannot know.
Each of us would like to be such a true believer, and everyone tries to be one.
But no one should say, either about himself or about those who believe as he does, that they are the only true believers.
Because if they can say about themselves that they are true believers, then others can say exactly the same.
Mattress Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145x190.
Mattress Prime Orto S1000 with different sides of rigidity, the total height of the mattress is 22 cm.
The maximum permissible load per bed is up to 150 kg.
The mattress is based on an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows the springs to properly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt has been added separating the mattress fillers and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 3 cm high, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress, a layer of coconut coir 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm was added.
Natural latex has an anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The mattress cover is made of cotton jacquard quilted with environmentally friendly Hollcon material.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
The impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress along the perimeter is additionally reinforced with a frame made of artificial latex, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., remind me, please, what style was the marathon at the 2021 World Cup?
Do you see the ski track where the participants of the race should finish in the classic style?
Attention, the question is - what is Klebo doing to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get to the ski track if he was walking behind at the turn in front of the target?
And the "best finisher" at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It was a long time ago...
I was, and in fact I wasn't even a driver.
I had the right, but I didn't know how to drive.
They offered to drive 250 km in one direction on MAZ!
Young, bad, agreed.
The owner is nearby, sipping vodka, I'm going.
First, like a king, he took the axial one!
A column lined up behind me.
Missed it.
Then the belt on the GURU broke.
Then the traffic cops stopped us.
There was an organized column, and their car broke down.
It needs to be towed.
The owner of MAZ explained that he was drunk, an inexperienced driver.
And to him - how drunk are you?
You don't stumble, you don't fall.
Ahead of us with flashing lights and go!
In my opinion, it doesn't come out of the advertisement whether he should grieve.
Singers about the same thing: about the return of retirement age.
For a long time now, all budgets have been made up taking into account the billions lost by pre-retirees.
Who tells them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1239 cases of omicron-strain of coronavirus were recorded in a day - RT in Russian
During the day, 1,239 cases of infection with a new omicron strain of coronavirus were detected in the UK.
This is reported by Sky News.
In particular, 1,196 new cases of the omicron strain were recorded in England, 38 people fell ill with a new type of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of COVID-19 cases from the new strain in the UK has reached 3137 people.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine calculated in a pessimistic forecast that 75 thousand people could die in England by April due to an outbreak of coronavirus caused by the omicron strain.
Peskov warned about the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
The press secretary of the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in case of continuation of "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including due to the alleged "invasion" of the country.
"It is impossible to impose any restrictions against Russia and not experience suffering yourself," the Kremlin's official representative said on the Rossiya 1 TV channel.
Peskov claims that "everyone in the world understands this."
Earlier it was reported that the United States is considering the possibility of introducing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as an extreme measure.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to introduce restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars in relation to Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, the head of Sberbank, German Gref, is sure that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - correspondingly adequate comments!
Something from these simple to nauseating recipes is already nauseating.
Apparently, the ideas are over.
Even in the distant days of childhood, my mother baked delicious pies and cakes, and it did not occur to me to compare a piece of bread spread with jam with a cake.
Ksenia, you don't need to convey anything to my mind, my mind is obliged to figure it out by itself!
"The inability of the mind, separated from the Spirit to perceive" - what are you talking about?!
Imagine that you need to explain this on your fingers to an unintelligent child, how will you do it?!
(Note that a child under 3-5 years old still has open channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you!)
New Caledonians rejected the idea of independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, the overwhelming majority of participants refused to secede from France.
This was reported on December 12 by the French TV channel BFM.TV .
96.5% of those who voted voted against independence.
3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific supported independence from France.
The results of 2.99% of ballots were canceled.
The level of participation in voting on this day was very low: about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polling stations.
According to experts, the low turnout is explained by the calls of the separatists to refuse to participate in the referendum because of the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, the residents of New Caledonia voted against independence from France in a referendum.
In 2018, a referendum on independence was already held in the region.
The majority of residents supported the archipelago being part of France.
New Caledonia is located almost 20 thousand kilometers from mainland France.
In 1853, France declared New Caledonia its possession.
About 270 thousand people live on the archipelago, the territory is endowed with a special administrative and territorial status.
There is a 1998 agreement between Paris and the administration of New Caledonia, according to which the region can organize a vote on its independence twice with a difference of two years.
Boris, if you don't know the history, don't write.
The name of the city of Arsk comes from the Bulgarian-Tatar word "artysh" (juniper).
Udmurts (Ary in Tatar) live in the northern districts of Baltasinsky, Kukmor district.
Udmurts are wonderful, hardworking people, they have preserved their language, they live in friendship with Tatars, they know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that the Motherland just won't give up.
Fools will throw, shouting "cheerful slogans".
I'm telling you this with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't spit in the well, maybe you'll have to drink some water!
WHO tentatively considers Omicron to be less dangerous than Delta
The World Health Organization (WHO) tentatively believes that omicron is less dangerous than the delta strain of coronavirus.
At the same time, there is evidence of a decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines with a new variant of COVID-19.
As of December 9, Omicron is registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and a significantly altered antigenic profile of the omicron strain protein suggest a decrease in the effectiveness of the vaccine against infection and transmission of the variant.
According to preliminary conclusions from South Africa, it is assumed that it ("severity of the disease" - ed.) may be less severe than with delta," the WHO technical report says.
The organization notes that so far all registered cases of infection with omicron in the EU are easy or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain, according to preliminary data, is spreading faster than delta.
Two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been registered in Russia.
They "had previously been immunized," the Gamalei Center reported.
The head of Rospotrebnadzor, Anna Popova, stated that there is no reliable data yet that the new version of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the others.
In fact, the lack of sun for us, southern people, is very critical.
During the 10 days spent in St. Petersburg one day in November, we saw the sun for the first time when our plane flying back took off above the clouds.
Then I only realized what I was missing all the time in beautiful St. Petersburg.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To experience what I have never known before - to drink space with my eyes, mouth and skin!
Who sees only water in the ocean,
The one on earth does not notice the mountains.
Your world of adventure +7 905 989 9172 What's App
Siberian Expeditions - we are able to spoil even the worst mood for you!
Svetlana S., no, there is no such thing - they do not give in.
If your loved one, with whom you are going to live your whole life, does not give in to your requests, then he is a parasite who does not want to give in return as much as he takes.
And the problem of women is that they themselves slowly, slowly take everything on themselves.
And who is to blame here, if she grabbed for the horse?
Ukraine has named four scenarios for Zelensky
Ex-deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko listed four scenarios for the development of events for the President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may remain without the support of the West, and may also compromise on the Donbass.
On Sunday, December 12, Denisenko told about this in a publication on the Glavred portal.
The first option, which Denisenko called a "perfect storm", assumes that key Western countries will cease to support Ukraine, having reached an agreement on the future of the country without its participation.
Such a development of events will contribute to a deep crisis that Kiev may face in 2023.
"In parallel, there is a decrease in prices for key goods that we traditionally export <...> internal protests and opposition of the authorities with key financial and industrial groups. - Ed.)," the ex-parliamentarian added.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario for the development of the situation - "war against everyone."
This forecast will come true in the event of high turbulence in world politics, in which the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Because of this state of affairs, the leadership of Ukraine may compromise on the Donbass, as a result of which a confrontation within the country is possible.
At the end of the summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, the probability of such a situation, according to the former people's deputy, is up to 50-55%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is the confrontation of the population groups that disagree with Zelensky and the president, which is why it is likely to seize control of the power bloc and implement "populist initiatives".
In the course of such a variant of the crisis, Zelensky will begin "reformatting the government," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is the transformation of Zelensky into the "father of the nation".
Some event may lead to this, which will be a strong shock to society.
"The event should be large enough to provoke a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
Such a scenario is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a man-made disaster or aggressive actions of Russia, the ex-deputy believes.
At the same time, the Russian side has repeatedly rejected any likelihood of an "attack" on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that are increasing military activity near the Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, the survey data of the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to record lows, amounting to 19.3%.
This is the lowest indicator since his election as head of state.
Analysts have predicted a situation in which, in the event of the next presidential election in Ukraine, only 21.8% would vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% would vote for ex-President Petro Poroshenko.
At the same time, among all respondents, only 19.3% expressed support for the president.
KAISER Sena Shower system (74182)
The KAISER Sena shower system (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in operation, this is also confirmed by numerous customer reviews on third-party Internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also get a guarantee from our side on the quality and performance of the product.
We deliver by transport companies throughout Russia and to any region.
If you identify any defects, we will refund the cost you paid in full without any problems.
When you call the operator, you will be able to get a personal discount on this product.
When buying, please leave a review about the use.
Thanks to the author for the story about the great athlete, I didn't know that Elena Shushunova died, it's very upsetting to find out.
I remember rooting for her at the Olympics in Seoul, for us, residents of Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, real time.
Such a heat of passion, emotions were off the scale, I remember the joy when Elena won.
They were also happy about the rest of the victories, as they were rooting for Salnikov, for the football players, for all Soviet athletes at that time.
I once saw a documentary on TV about one of the Central American countries, and there watermelons were rolled up the ladder on board the ship like barrels.
The watermelons were monstrous in size.
I myself worked many times in my youth cleaning and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and did not meet watermelons weighing more than a pound.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from the melon and not before the beginning of August.
Balcony bra with soft lace cups (size: 90E, beige color, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, article: 12008).
A balcony bra with soft lace cups, on frames.
The lower part of the cup is reinforced with an inelastic transparent cloth.
The side inner part of the cup, in the area of sewing the straps, is reinforced with an inelastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of the lace can be appreciated thanks to the festoon along the neckline and under the breast.
Vertical bones on the side panels of single-layer microfiber do not allow the fabric to twist on large sizes.
I really didn't like the article, it was evil, poisonous.
We went through people you don't know anything about.
But now many people like it, to decompose people into atoms.
I hope that those who comment with honor and decency are doing well and they are experts in everything.
In Moscow in the evening you will think 100 times whether to go to the store alone, migrants are everywhere, there are crowds of them.
They consider themselves masters.
Are you serious about child benefits and pensions?
The benefits are penny and they are paid up to a maximum of 3 years, pensions are 12,000, someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetics have been paid for a long time and are very expensive.
People are like from another planet.
It's bad in France, but it's great here?
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact texture, comfortable elasticity and rigidity, wear resistance and durability properties.
The product of the brand "Butison" from the "Sense" series is intended for the health-improving sleep of people suffering from diseases of the joints and vascular system.
The design provides an even distribution of the load on the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The basis of the mattress Butison Sense Hard S600 mini Synth is an independent spring block S600 mini with a reduced height of springs.
Beautyson uses spunbond, coconut coir and polyurethane foam as internal fillers.
Spunbond serves as an intermediate insulating layer between soft materials and springs.
Orthopedic foam with carbon impregnation is decorated on the surface with curly cutting, which provides a micro-massage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high characteristics of moisture exchange and breathability.
The outer mattress case is made of thick jacquard with synthetic fibers.
The material is strong and durable, does not wear out and does not require complex maintenance.
The poet arrested for the action on Red Square: "They give 10 days for Yevtushenko's quote, here it is, the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was arrested for ten days.
A HSE student was detained on Red Square with a poster on which the hashtag #poetvrossyibolshempoet was written.
This quote belongs to the writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up on Alexander under an administrative article on repeated violation of the procedure for holding a public action.
The first time he was detained on January 23 at Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
"The goal was to draw attention to poetry in general, now interest in it, unfortunately, has been lost, to the decline of the general culture in Russia, and there is also a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag," Alexander explains.
We contacted the young poet to find out the circumstances of the detention and reveal the message of his message in more detail.
How did the police officers treat you during the arrest this time and earlier?
What was asked in the department, how did they comment on your action?
This time, the staff were more correct, the detention was as polite as possible, no matter how funny it might sound in some context of this word.
On Pushkinskaya Street, the riot police took it and took it hard.
They asked standard questions about motives.
When they heard, in principle, they looked, if not approvingly, then understandingly.
With the exception of the monkey house blown on all 4 sides, everything was extremely correct, but I knew what I was going for.
And if, after the action, at least a few people start writing their poems under this hashtag, I will not serve these 10 days in vain.
Maxim, according to the protocol, talk privately at least in the language of the tumba-yumba tribe.
And at public and official events, they speak the language of others so that everyone understands what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through an interpreter.
This is protocol and nothing more, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks excellent Russian and nevertheless resorts to the help of an interpreter.
And at official events, a transcript is kept in the old-fashioned way with a fountain pen, and a stenographer is not required to know several languages.
You don't want a lot of words, so say no!
And then there's so much water.
Well, to go as a tourist for six months "to the Andes, then to Nepal."
Before that, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And gradually sell off these shares by opening an account in any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but a currency less dependent on the United States, for example, Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
However, this is not all that keeps Americans in the USA.
Keeps them confident that the US is better than anywhere else.
That's how they grow them.
Hansgrohe Quattro mechanism with three outputs (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: flush-mounted mechanism; purpose: for mixer, for bath, for shower; built-in systems: yes; mounting type: built-in (in the wall); housing material: brass; flush mounting mechanism: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's article: 15930180; barcode: 4011097345239.
Additional information: a pressure regulator is required; scope of delivery: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; simultaneous activation of 2 consumers (showers) is possible; suitable for all sets of the Quattro exterior; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers told how potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and trace elements that contribute to improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol levels.
The root crop contains B vitamins, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
All these elements help the body's systems to function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Due to the high content of the seal, it is useful for the gastrointestinal tract, and with regular use it can also help in the prevention of hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, it is better to stew or cook the root vegetable, rather than fry in oil.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes can be dangerous for diabetics, as well as other products with a high glycemic index.
These are foods with a carbohydrate content that are quickly broken down into sugars, such as sugar, sugary soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the Kommersant newspaper warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a reduction in its production in private subsidiary farms and an increase in processing capacity.
According to market participants, the shortage of products at the moment will be able to replace only imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from the Yandex search results
Candidates for departure
In 2015, copyright holders from the RAEK cluster/Media" has compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate sites on the Runet and most of them have ceased to exist, says Karen Ghazaryan, Director General of the Internet Research Institute.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive thanks, among other things, to the regular change of the domain name, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series "The Squid Game" and "Tenderness" directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of Russia's largest video service ivi (included in the AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in search engine search results, you can watch the animated novelty "Encanto", but judging by the quality of the video, this is the so-called screen (a pirated copy of the film shot in the cinema).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the TV series "Univer. 10 years later" of TNT TV channel (part of Gazprom-Media).
Svetlana M., I'm sorry, of course, but I wouldn't care if my son is offended by his mom or not.
If we have some kind of misunderstanding going on, it's better not to get involved at all, the estimate is on its way.
It's good, of course, that this rarely happens.
Bra with soft cups without frames and front clasp coffee 135I GI1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced from the inside with crossed elastic bands made of cotton and lycra.
The bra is made of microfiber combined with mesh fabric for breathability.
Cups with dubbing made of cotton-containing fabric for a comfortable fit.
Unique Magiclift design (support inserts crossing under the chest and along the neckline) for lifting, separating and supporting the chest.
Wide comfortable straps lined with microvillage are adjustable at the back.
Lyudmila, China has advanced space technology now.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
"This idea developed by the Poles" - it would be more correct to say that Poland only reworked the idea of 1776 for itself, but developed it quite effectively.
Actually, the slogan "The Outskirts are not Russia" appeared in 1848.
Which, in general, does not really change the essence.
I watched her interview, the girl said that the biggest dream is for her to grow wings, dad constantly pulls her down.
Well, as if all this is very doubtful.
Well, I entered the university, and what's next?
Wall lamp Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
A wide circle framed by "molecules" of light provides the most uniform and bright illumination of the space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose relevance and allows you to place accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is the weightlessness of the structure.
Due to the thin, almost invisible cables that are adjustable in height, it feels like the chandelier is floating in the air.
Metallic gold fittings and matte-white miniature lampshades will easily complement any palette, and the hanging chandelier and sconces presented in the collection will become a ready-made ensemble for lighting the living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, the taste and color, as they say.
I really liked Tarhun, not the current one, of course.
The juices poured from tall glass cylinders were very tasty.
Three servings of syrup is too much, for my taste.
Two were just right.
Dimax Micro Ultimate mattress, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient because it has two surfaces of different softness – high rigidity and slightly more than average.
The composition of the product includes only high-quality and premium fillers that have proven themselves exclusively from the best side.
Springs: in the center of the model there is a block of independent springs "micropacket".
This means that there are 2000 spirals per sleeping place, which work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives a unique point adjustment.
The "Micropack" is the highest frequency of the whole variety of Dimax spring blocks, therefore it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillers: combinations of layers of coir and natural latex are installed on top and bottom of the springs.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface has latex, then the other has coconut coir.
Such a tandem of fillers has long carried the status of a classic, since it transmits not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties to the mattress.
If the coir provides proper back support, then latex adapts the surface to the human body.
Case: The model comes in a quilted knitted Aloe Vera case.
At the request of the client, it can be made both removable and stationary.
The total height of the product is 27 cm, the recommended load on the sleeping place is 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: the warranty period is 3 years.
The mattress has received all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its complete safety and reliability in operation.
Orthopedic foam, which is used in the mattress, has a CertiPUR certificate.
Estonian scientists will search for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in cooperation with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, the Actual Camera reported on Sunday.
The purpose of the missions starting in five years is to assess the suitability of the clouds of Venus for life, and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists have proposed tools for measuring the acidity and oxygen content in the clouds of Venus.
Until now, it was assumed that the clouds of Venus, the planet closest to Earth, are too acidic for life to exist there, but it is likely that Venus was originally an Earth-type planet.
During the third mission, a sample from Venus should arrive.
Suppose that if we find life there, then the main question will be whether it is similar to Earth or different.
If it is very similar, then it will be obvious that earthly life did not begin on Earth.
If it is different, then perhaps it will be more likely that life originated on Earth," said Mihkel Payusalu, the head of the Estonian team of the Venus Life Finder project.
A hat, not a phone...
Six months to him, and the whole price...
I'm already tired of this Chinese nonsense...
They can't make a high-quality phone...
At least take it, my Samsung has already survived three of these (friends have already thrown them out) and will survive again!
Metaverses will change Russian business
The topic of metaverses became popular this fall when Mark Zuckerberg announced the transformation of Facebook into Meta.
This event was an important signal for the market: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
This means that businesses in Russia, as well as around the world, will invest in creating their own metaverses and their subsequent monetization.
Metaverses should be considered as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, there is a trend towards creating remote interactions in a pandemic, because people are tired of separation and restrictions.
On the other hand, it is a consequence of the desire of business to develop ecosystems and adapt operational models to them.
On the third, they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, when any rights, securities, works of art and even money are transferred to digital format.
Anya, you're right, changing your diet is a conscious process.
When you start eating right, you don't want something too greasy and harmful anymore.
Of course, we will have a traditional olivier and a herring under a fur coat for the holiday, but no one forces me to eat everything at once.
You can eat a spoonful, try - and that's enough.
After all, there are really ten days off ahead, you can cook any delicious and healthy dishes.
And how much hellish work, time, money it took her to train.
And after completing 5 quarter jumps, she was left without gold.
And she also understands that she will not survive 4 years until the next Olympics, i.e. she will never be an Olympic champion.
And the one who did not just do sports or can't imagine all the circles of hell that she went through, DO NOT CLIMB WITH CONDEMNATION.
The British economist could not give a forecast for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill could not give a forecast for 2022, because, in his opinion, such attempts will turn into a failure.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change the turnover.
The coronavirus pandemic remains the most important factor, and inflation is in second place, he believes.
O'Neill also admitted that he does not know whether the increase in commodity prices is temporary or not.
As the expert pointed out, even before the pandemic, it was clear that "the world of endless generosity of central banks has already outlived itself" and it's time to return to a relationship where interest rates adjusted for inflation will correlate with the expected GDP growth rates.
O'Neill noted that against the background of the pandemic, the continuation of an ultra-soft economic policy may, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as the increase in poverty and climate change, O'Neill concluded.
Earlier, the head of the global research department of Otkritie Investments, Mikhail Shulgin, said that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate for 2022 remain, while the growth potential will be less significant.
Among the risks to the dollar, Shulgin called the Fed's monetary policy, the dynamics of oil prices and concerns about the coronavirus pandemic.
I have to agree.
But one thing pleases: if you compare yourself with yourself, then five years ago there were fewer containers.
It's better now.
There is progress, only sluggish.
There is also such a problem: there are many environmental initiatives in cities, but people do not know about them.
All sorts of ecotaxis that take waste from home.
Yes, it's banal to receive recyclables - they are used by marginals.
Rarely does anyone bring glass and metal there.
Well, the author...
Sausages "with cat meat" in Soviet factories?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well, yes, they are not tasty enough compared to Doshirak, I understand...
And now I would have screwed up Soviet sweets with white stuffing.
There are no such people anymore.
They don't release the "Pilot", and the "Chamomile" is not the same at all...
EVA car mats (rhombus) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
EVA car mats are made of high-quality Russian-made material.
The surface of the mats consists of diamond-shaped cells.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
The mats do not absorb and do not pass moisture.
All dirt is evenly distributed across the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material from which the mats are made is elastic, wear-resistant, has no odors.
Retains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 ° C.
The mats are unpretentious in operation and are suitable for year-round use.
EVA car mats cover the regular carpet as much as possible, closing the area for resting the left foot.
The tunnel of the back row is covered with a mat.
The edging is made of heavy-duty car slings.
Mattress Dimax Praktik Basis Plus B13 180x220 cm
Springless mattress Dimax (Dimax) The Practice Basis Plus b13 consists of a single type of filler.
This is a slab of artificial latex with a height of 13 cm.
Due to the characteristics of the material, the mattress has a symmetrical average stiffness of the sides.
The product is covered with a jacquard cover with a quilt on a comfortable layer, removable or non-removable type to choose from.
PU foam is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PUF) are the characteristics similar to the natural analog, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is elastic and elastic, but, unlike natural material, it has great rigidity.
It forms the anatomical surface of the mattress with high-quality support, which ensures a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
A high-quality mattress that is not afraid of temperature changes.
Anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for arranging a sleeping place in the country or in a country house.
Its advantages also include universal medium stiffness and a maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2 trillion 784 billion rubles on the purchase of new cars, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to statistics from the agency Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI).
To understand the scale, approximately the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
Last September, at a meeting of the heads of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, President Vladimir Putin said that such an amount is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
The Korean Kia brand is the leader in terms of revenue in the Russian market.
For 10 months of this year, he managed to sell cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than a year earlier.
Hyundai's sister Kia brand has an even more significant increase - more than 35%, and the revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
This brand is also in the leading positions in terms of increasing the weighted average price of a car - for Hyundai it increased by almost 21% over the year, to 1.94 million rubles - only Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz had stronger dynamics of price appreciation.
At the same time, the sales volumes of Korean brands did not grow so significantly: according to statistics from the Committee of Automakers of the Association of European Businesses in Russia, Kia sold 9.4% more cars in quantitative terms over the same period than a year earlier.
Hyundai - by almost 12%.
Japanese Toyota closes the top three in terms of sales in monetary terms - Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months, which is 14% more than a year earlier.
The Japanese are followed by Mercedes-Benz with an indicator of 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand has increased both sales volume (by 37%) and the weighted average price of the car (by almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
"Mercedes-Benz simultaneously has a good growth in sales and weighted average prices - more, for example, than BMW - hence the greater growth in financial capacity," explained NAPI CEO Tatiana Arabadzhi. -
In terms of sales growth, fantastic figures are demonstrated by Chinese brands, which have also significantly increased their financial capacity this year."
Russian Lada demonstrates average market indicators in terms of revenue growth dynamics (plus 28%), Russians spent 229.4 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months.
At the level of last year in terms of financial capacity, there are companies whose car sales in units fell in 2021: in particular, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ is in the red at all - in 10 months, Russians spent 12 billion rubles on SUVs and pickups of this brand against 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the background of problems with the supply of automotive components and production disruptions that have engulfed the entire global automotive industry, car companies continue to continuously adjust prices - the same AvtoVAZ increased the cost of Lada models seven times a year, the last rise in price (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Other automakers also regularly rewrite price tags for their products.
The volume of the Russian automotive market in monetary terms will continue to increase - in addition to the shortage of cars, inflation contributes to this, as well as the desire of automakers to win back past losses, experts say.
In the conditions of a shortage of cars, I think that many automakers were even able to partially shift to the consumer the costs of previous periods, which they could not put into the price of cars earlier,
says Vladimir Bespalov, an analyst at VTB Capital for the automotive industry. -
I believe that in financial terms, automakers are doing very well now, maintaining a high marginality of sales."
An indirect indicator of this is the growth rate of the cost of cars, which are observed during 2021, the prices of new cars are growing faster than inflation, the expert clarifies.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantitative terms and in monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the complexity of the design of the machines themselves, Bespalov predicts.
With the increase in supply, the opportunities for price increases will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow next year, even if the growth in the cost of cars slows down, automakers will be able to get their income at the expense of volumes, says Sergey Burgazliev, an independent consultant on the automotive industry.
Given the increased demand and insufficient supply, automakers are now striving to get the greatest profit from each car sold, Burgazliev notes. -
An increase in the production of cars is not expected at least in the next six months, while in Russia the excitement is also fueled by the uncertainty of citizens in the future.
Against the background of the current situation on the market, cars turned out to be a good object for investment - a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold for more than the original cost, the expert states.
Biden spoke about the transfer of the US military to Ukraine in the event of a Russian invasion
The US leadership has never considered sending the US military to Ukraine in the event of an "invasion" by Russia.
This statement was made by US President Joe Biden.
"There have never been such plans," the head of the White House said, answering a journalist's question about whether the United States had abandoned such an idea.
Biden noted that if the situation around Ukraine escalates, Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he stressed that the United States and NATO have no obligations to use military force to protect Ukraine in case of escalation.
The American leader also said that the possibility of using American troops unilaterally for the defense of Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades the territory of Ukraine, the United States will transfer forces to Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Estonia).
"We will have to send more American and NATO troops to the eastern flank, B9 - all those NATO countries for which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack from Russia," Biden said.
Earlier, the press secretary of the President of Russia Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow has no intentions to invade the territory of Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees a problem in the combat use of drones supplied by Turkey by Kiev, as well as in the fact that "American weapons are approaching our territory."
I immediately leave such interviews.
If already at the interview they want to make me listen to screams, wait for hours, drink incomprehensible stuff and wash another cup - it's scary to imagine what will happen at work.
I'll find a normal place for myself, without an HR layer, where you immediately talk to the head.
Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi mattress 16 100x185 cm
The medium-height mattress of springless design Promtex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 is created from alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium-hard, the other is moderately hard.
An elegant white jacquard cover is quilted on a sintepon and complemented with a zipper around the perimeter.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Thin slabs of coconut coir are laid between the latex slabs.
The layered structure of the mattress is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to loads.
Natural latex is a dense, elastic, breathable material by its characteristics.
The filler keeps its shape and quickly recovers after loads.
Coconut coir enhances the strength of the product, naturally has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows you to create a load-resistant orthopedic sleeping place that will serve customers for many years.
Versatility and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and ages.
The medium-hard surface is versatile with a balanced combination of orthopaedics and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately rigid sleeping place is more relevant for those who need to "unload" their backs and a healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for both one person and a married couple.
The latter will especially appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of a "wave" effect, when vibrations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite side, disturbing a person in a dream.
Desktop easel "Studio" 20*24*54 (65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Desktop easel "Studio" with height-adjustable upper holder.
Suitable for canvases of small size.
The material is natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists to work.
Smooth adjustment of the tilt angle.
Equipped with a shelf-stop for canvases and tablets.
The upper holder securely fixes the canvas.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, the maximum canvas size is 40 cm.
If a fraudster calls from such a number, like an "employee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs" or another law enforcement agency, then it is ineffective to immediately reset it, and it is most likely not possible to blacklist it.
Because in order to confirm his lies about his involvement in law enforcement agencies, he quickly repeats the call and continues to frighten and persuade.
We need more useful recommendations for the people.
That's such nonsense...
I don't believe it was like that at all.
They no longer know what to come up with, who to blame.
They got to the Queen.
And most importantly, in their opinion, everyone is to blame, except the most-the most...
And wouldn't it be easier to leave people alone from forced labor, of course, if our people care about their people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear...
Like in Japan... before the elections, the influence was weakened and there were fewer infections...
Wool felting set "Assorted No. 2" 100% merino, wool 4x10 g.
Wool felting as a craft originated eight thousand years ago, only for this occupation it was very difficult to find animal wool, and even more so colored.
But now voila!
We present semi-thin natural wool for felting from a Russian manufacturer, for which you do not have to run through the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of wool for felting allow you to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, applications for creativity, jewelry, interior decorations and even clothing and accessories.
Imagine a pair of "piled up" fluffy sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace that will look great with a new dress, or unique slippers that no one will definitely have…
Embody your ideas by "collapsing" this wonderful wool!
Maria Kartashova, what does "in response to this" mean?
I'm not voicing my thoughts, I'm mentally cursing you all.
Mentally I chop off the heads of everyone who did not give way to me, mentally I send them into a ditch and burn all the cars that interfere with my passage, mentally everything!
And I can even smile at you from the look of it.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas II during the years of his reign did not sign a single death sentence.
Even to such limitless people as Koba and his brigade.
And bloody Sunday is already an invention of the Bolsheviks.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
Mattress, hard on both sides.
Natural material latex coconut coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary rigidity and elasticity to the mattress.
Independent TFK spring unit (512 springs per bed) will give you unique comfort and proper support of the spine during sleep.
The cover is made of cotton jacquard, quilted for 200 g.
the hallcone gives protection and comfort.
Maximum load per bed: 130 kg.
My horse.
Pony house with accessories, 6 pcs in the display.
A charming pony horse lives in a cozy folding pink house.
If you open her house, then you can install a kitchen inside one of its halves, and a table on the other half, placing treats for guests on it.
The pony has big beautiful eyes, its mane and tail can be combed with a brush.
The set includes: a pony 9 cm, a comb, a house (2 halves), a built-in table (2 parts), a kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), a cake with a heart (2 parts), a bottle of juice, 2 glasses, a teapot, a cup and a saucer.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
Alternating layers of latex and hard coconut coir give the effect of improved body support.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress can easily withstand a load of up to 170 kg per bed.
At the same time, there is no wave effect: the spouses lying next to each other do not roll down to each other regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials from which the model is made have passed a thorough quality control.
They are ventilated, do not get wet, do not absorb odors.
Thanks to the full air circulation, a unique microclimate is created that promotes healthy rest.
High-strength hot-melt adhesive is used to fasten the parts.
The film of the student of Alexander Sokurov received the European Oscar for best editing
The Oscar-nominated Russian film "Unclenching his Fists" received the award of the European Film Academy (also called the "European Oscar") in the nomination "Best Editing", reports Moskovsky Komsomolets.
The jury of the contest, who voted online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, appreciated the outstanding skill of the filmmakers.
The maximum number of awards was received this time by Yasmila Zhbanich's film (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Aida?"
The main character of the tape is a translator at the UN mission who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Unclenching my Fists", shot by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of the workshop of Alexander Sokurov), this film tells about the difficult relationship of a domineering father and those who want to be freed from paternal custody of growing up children in North Ossetia.
Earlier it was announced that this film was nominated for the Academy Award as the best film made in a foreign language.
As the regular friendly meetings of the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, and Turkey show, in my opinion, you are, to put it mildly, out of touch.
Only yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of the joint Azerbaijani-Russian enterprise KamAZ.
From my point of view, the literature program was formed by ladies of Balzac age on the basis of their interests.
From Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those ladies of Balzac age.
And the psychology and torment of the heroines of Tolstoy and Turgenev are not so interesting for teenagers.
Teenagers are rarely interested in the psychology of heroes.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were plush to depict a certain variety of roses?
There are roses of this color and with such a petal structure that resembles velvet, as a rule, dark red, burgundy tones.
And light roses look different, the petals have just a satin or silky sheen.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are kind of color blind.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas are NOT allowed to look into the eye - in some safari parks, visitors are given glasses with painted eyes looking to the side.
Bees are still guided by smell...
Promtex Micropacket Prestige mattress 105x195.
Micropackage Prestige model: comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different rigidity of the sides: the medium-hard surface is formed by latexed coconut fiber and natural latex, and moderately soft — by a natural latex plate.
The spring block with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the sleeper's body, preventing the appearance of a “wave” or “hammock” effect.
Among the advantages of the model, breathable materials should be highlighted.
Latex, perforated for breathability, is perfectly ventilated naturally, like coconut coir.
Thanks to this, a healthy microclimate of the bed is maintained.
The mattress is also covered by an extended warranty period.
The official warranty period from the manufacturer is 5 years, in fact, the service life of the mattress is longer.
Protection against dust and dirt is placed on the removable jacquard cover supplied in the kit.
Pair an orthopedic pillow with the mattress - it is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of the sides — coconut serves as anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Turn on your brain and drive such relatives to your ears!
It's better not to have any than these...
Either look for a third-party driver, or someone who is ready to invest and work with you in a share.
If it does not work out, then sell the car, albeit at a loss, do not regret it.
Next time you'll think better...
Andrey, you have been clearly explained that pensioners work in schools, and they will not work on the command line.
The computer science teacher will not be able to help either, he was not taught this, the schoolboy plays Windows games.
So there is no support.
I remember with horror these feasts and guests in my parents' house.
The guests are on the doorstep, and the cutlets are still fried on the stove, the mother is sloppy washing the floor.
God, I was already exhausted at the table.
And then wash the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday, you drag food, cook for two days, cleaning after the day.
And what about the guests?
They feel good, and they must also have a cake with them.
Since then, I don't like holidays and guests.
Even for my family, I set the table at a minimum wage.
And I cook sweets for them, I bake very often just like that.
Germany: Fourth coronavirus vaccine is inevitable
The fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or autumn of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be final, but will continue with renewed vigor.
Despite an active vaccination campaign in Germany, neither two nor three doses of the coronavirus vaccine are likely to be enough for full protection.
Ulrich Weigeldt, head of the Association of General Practitioners, is convinced of this
This is on Saturday, December 11, reports Die Welt.
“We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in autumn,” the expert believes.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth coronavirus vaccination can be carried out “in combination with influenza vaccination.”
This will help you achieve the best results.
In addition, enhanced vaccination can help combat the spread of the new strain of coronavirus Omicron.
Moreover, the new version is especially dangerous.
Thus, the probability of re-infection with Omicron is three times higher than that of Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Based on this, BioNTech/Pfizer manufacturers plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
Companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new variant of the coronavirus Omicron.
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that with two doses of the vaccine, the effectiveness is significantly lower: “the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times.”
“This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the omicron strain,” BioNTech and Pfizer emphasized.
Therefore, a third dose is needed.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, Bernd Salzberger, chairman of the German Society of Infectious Diseases, is in favor of reducing the interval between the second and third vaccinations.
Moreover, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of the coronavirus.
“Israel's experience shows this very convincingly,” the expert stressed.
Pontoon21 Wobbler, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibs in that it was originally created taking into account use for ice fishing, and not just for throwing fishing.
These vibes have a larger specific weight than analogues similar in size, which undoubtedly has a positive effect on the nuances of using these interesting lures.
Another recognizable feature is the upper fin made of durable and elastic plastic, which creates additional shades of vibration during vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a “winter vib” when fishing in a plumb line, Bet-A-Vib shows a rather aggressive game.
Often the most catchy is simple monotonous animation, that is, the movements of the angler up and down with almost no pauses.
When planning, the deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient when fishing in a limited space cluttered with underwater vegetation, driftwood and other obstacles for which hook is possible.
In addition, a slight deviation is relevant when fishing for zander and large perch in winter, and especially in the middle of winter, when a point and aggressive feed of the lure is required.
After reaching the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly turns around and returns to its original vertical.
Bet-A-Vib is no less successfully used for winter fishing for pond trout.
To please her whims, you can choose from two modifications: with a noise capsule (NS — NanoSound) or without it (SL — Silent).
It is also noted that Bet-A-Vib with a plumb line game is able to tease a passive pike that does not react even to live bait.
When fishing, Bet-A-Vib demonstrates range and accuracy.
This wobbler is clear and not capricious, it goes well with fishing line and braided cords of even large diameters.
For fishing for pike, pike perch, ruff or perch, in addition to uniform, a “step” is also relevant, sometimes with a “chirping” along the bottom.
If you fish in clogged places, you can change the front tee to a double, which will reduce the likelihood of hooks.
Among the lures of its class, Bet-A-Vib is among the most stable in operation and, as a result, one of the most catchy.
It can be used with equal success both in relatively shallow and fairly deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young idlers sit around the neck of old parents.
“Golden Youth” are clearly expressed lazy people for the most part, who do not know anything and do not know anything.
A well-fed life is conducive to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin meant this considerable part of the population.
You're probably joking.
I've never seen shoes in this store that I would like to buy.
What perennial sock do you write about?
This shoe is made of leatherette.
It's good if one season lasts.
Senden is on par with Kari.
Come in a couple of times, see and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
Libya announced 7 thousand Russian mercenaries
There are more than 7,000 mercenaries of the private military company (PMC) Wagner in Libya.
This was stated on Sunday, December 12, by the chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Republic Khaled al-Mishri.
“Currently, there are more than 7,000 Wagner PMC mercenaries in Libya.
They also have airplanes.
They are also digging trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jets at Gardabia air bases (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte), “Anadolu quotes him as saying.
Khaled al-Mishri also pointed out that Russian mercenaries are “trying to capture” central Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea, after “bringing their man to power” in Central African Republic.
Keep Presence
According to the source of the publication, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and “located in Libya”.
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, uses the air base and port in Sirte, as well as the air base in Jufra, according to the agency's publication.
The Russian authorities officially deny that PMC Wagner enjoys the support of the Kremlin.
Where Else Could Be Mercenaries
According to the agency, Wagner allegedly operates in nine African countries - CAR, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training for local forces, personal protection of leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses for the exploitation of minerals and natural resources, as well as for the supply of weapons, technology and military services to these countries”, - it is spoken in the article.
According to the media, the Wagnerites allegedly fought in Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the CAR.
This group is not listed either in law enforcement agencies or in the register of legal entities, and its fighters are not in the formal lists of personnel.
This company is under US sanctions.
Earlier, the permanent representatives of 27 EU countries approved restrictions against Wagner.
It is expected that the Council of the European Union will approve this decision on December 13.
The situation in Libya
The Supreme State Council of Libya is de facto the second house of parliament with advisory functions with the dominant Islamists in it, writes TASS.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of the single voting day for the election of deputies to parliament and the head of state from December 24 to at least February 2022.
“There are less than two weeks left before the elections, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing,” the article says.
Against this background, the Supreme Election Commission of Libya postponed indefinitely the announcement of the final list of candidates, Sky News Arabia reported.
Foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more success than failures in the country's foreign policy, 29% believe that failures prevail.
“Examples of success are “they defended in Syria, peace has been restored there”, “the decision on Nord Stream-2”, “the whole world was intimidated that cool weapons”, “We squeezed out Crimea”.
The main failures are “conflict with Ukraine”, “confrontation with Western countries”, “isolation from the world”, - it is spoken in the study of the Foundation “Public Opinion”.
The Dubai government has completely abandoned paperwork - all public services have also become digital only
The Dubai government announced a complete abandonment of paperwork and the transition to digital technologies.
All public services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the Emirati news agency WAM.
“Today marked the beginning of a new stage in the digitalization of all aspects of Dubai's life - we have completed the transition to a completely paperless government,” the Crown Prince of the Emirate said on Saturday. Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Chairman of the Dubai Executive Council.
From now on, internal and external document flow in all government agencies in Dubai will be carried out only digitally through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all industries without exception: healthcare, housing and communal services, police, municipal authorities, courts, etc. Many commercial structures have also joined the government's initiative.
The transition to e-government and digitalization of document management began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, according to the authorities, 336 million paper sheets were saved, which is 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in monetary terms.
Earlier, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about the dates of birth and how old the child is, this is insanity, about the class and the group in kindergarten too.
Well, I don't believe there are such muddlers.
And if they do, they clearly do not care about anything, including their family.
My mother, her two brothers and grandparents lived on Vladimirskaya 3, and there was a 1st floor without bars.
They knocked first on the door, then on the window, then decided not to stand on ceremony, broke the window and climbed in, but my grandfather had a baseball bat, which they got.
These people knew for sure there was someone at home...
Turkey's car production and exports fell below 2020 levels
Turkey's car production and exports fell sharply in November amid the depreciation of the lira.
As a result, the industry's indicators for 11 months were worse than last year's result, Bloomberg reports, citing data from the Association of Automobile Manufacturers of Turkey.
According to the association, 115 thousand cars were produced from factories in Turkey in November, which is 20% less than a year earlier.
About 75.9 thousand cars were exported, which is more than 25% less than last year.
And if in the first 10 months of this year, the Turkish automotive sector showed a positive trend compared to last year, by the end of 11 months of 2021, car production was already 0.3% worse than last year's figure.
The reason for this fall was a sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which in November fell by 29% against the dollar.
This has led to a drop in economic activity in all industries.
More than 500 SMEs received a deferral of loan payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov spoke about the situation regarding the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, the correspondent of the Kazinform News Agency reports.
“According to the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, this year, pursuant to the instructions of the Head of State dated April 1, 2021, an order of the Chairman was adopted Agency No. 127 dated April 9, 2021 “On Approval of the Procedure for Granting Deferral of Payments on Loans to Small and Medium-Sized Businesses,” Alikhan Smailov wrote in his response to a deputy request.
He recalled that the procedure for granting a deferral of loan payments provided for the granting of deferral of loan payments by banks and organizations engaged in microfinance activities, issued before April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including individual entrepreneurs, in the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The deferral period ranged from 30 to 90 days at the choice of the SME entity.
The borrower's application could specify a different period for deferring payments.
During the deferral period, claim work, notification of the need to repay overdue debts, as well as the collection by the creditor of commissions and other payments,” the Deputy Prime Minister said.
In 2021, second-tier banks received applications for deferral of loan payments from 603 borrowers - SMEs, of which 553 SMEs received a deferral in the amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
131 SMEs submitted applications for deferral to the MFI, of which the deferral was granted to 95 entities in the amount of 105.8 million tenge”, A. Smailov said.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with weak immunity are able to easily tolerate the strain “okmiron”
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate it more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body
Pulmonologist Sergei Puryasev explained why the okmiron coronavirus strain can be dangerous.
The reason should be sought in the context of the emergence of the virus
Scientists believe that “okmiron” originated in the body of an HIV-infected person or suffering from immunodeficiency.
That is, during the mutation, he did not meet any resistance from immunity.
Due to this, it is more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no response from immunity, it became very fast.
Apparently, there he has these spike proteins, spikes, maybe more than it should be, their antibodies were not cut during mutations, - comments pulmonologist Sergei Puryasev.
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate “okmiron” more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body.
It turns out that a strong response of the body to anything, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
This is what happens with pneumococcal infections, when 30-year-old young people die, and 60-year-old people suffer it in the form of a sneeze.
The immune response is rabid in the young, it is completely inadequate: where it was possible only to threaten with a finger, he hits sparrows like a cannon, - concluded Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor also recalled that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Inflammation of the lungs can be bacterial and viral.
If the former is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case, only symptoms can often be stopped - all hope is for the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the onset of intoxication of the body - this is temperature, weakness, malaise.
Then there are respiratory symptoms: shortness of breath, sore throat, cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain can also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, Russia may begin vaccinating the younger generation from 12 to 18 years old by the end of the year.
Pavel Volchkov, virologist and head of the genomic engineering laboratory at MIPT, noted that this category is very actively affected by covid.
Teenagers who go to school have the maximum number of contacts.
This is the most socially active stratum, as well as kindergarten students,” Pavel Volchkov, virologist and head of the genomic engineering laboratory at MIPT, told Moscow 24.
Many thanks to the author for this article.
I gladly refreshed my memories...
Teath-In.
In those distant seventies and eighties, no dance floor was complete without the melodies of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, we would dance to their music.
Immunologists have hypothesized why obese people become victims of covid
The authors of the work studied the adipose tissue left over from bariatric surgery and found that fat cells, known as adipocytes, can become infected with coronavirus.
Immune cells located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected, and showed a strong inflammatory reaction.
Scientists also studied the adipose tissue of patients who died from covid and found coronavirus particles in fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can hide in adipose tissue, using it as a reservoir, in an attempt to avoid a response from the immune system.
SARS-CoV-2 is probably capable of this.
The biologist spoke about the causes of dementia
Semyon Golosheykin, Candidate of Biological Sciences, named the causes of dementia and spoke about ways to prevent it in an interview with Sputnik Radio.
According to WHO, more than 55 million people suffer from this disease.
The syndrome is manifested by a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, a person can hardly navigate even in a familiar environment.
Golosheykin noted that most often dementia is caused by neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders and a lack of certain vitamins.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
This includes hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level, factors such as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity can play a role,” he said.
The development of dementia is also affected by addictions - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disorders and a sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
“There is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence,” the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the necessary level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Previously, Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics of the N.I.
Pirogova, Head of the Department of Cognitive Impairment at the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnologies Anna Bogolepova spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt returned about 30 thousand artifacts illegally exported from the country
Over the past 10 years, the Cairo government has managed to return home about 30,000 artifacts that were illegally smuggled out of the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, on the air of Al-Hayat TV channel by the chief inspector of the Department of Returned Antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt Shaaban Abdel Ghawad.
Since 2011, the Egyptian state has managed to recover 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, 5,300 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered at the Bible Museum in Washington, “he said.
Abdel Gauad said that all smuggled artifacts are registered in archives.
Currently, employees of the department are working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts “track auctions around the world and sales on the Internet” through foreign and Egyptian sites, as well as social networks.
The chief inspector said that upon return, cultural property is restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was the ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of the exposition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities appealed to Interpol with a request to help find a bust of Pharaoh Tutankhamen sold at auction in London.
Christie's auction house held an auction on July 4, at which a bust over 3 thousand years old was sold for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the art object was illegally removed in the 1970s from the Karnak Temple in Luxor.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted as the sun god Amon, was kept in a private collection and has not been put up for auction since 1985.
How the relic came to Europe is unknown.
In recent years, Egypt has been actively seeking the repatriation of antiquities illegally exported from the country at different times.
According to authorities, 95% of smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological research of “black diggers”.
“Crimean Tatars are not taken into account” - and this is correct, since the Crimean Tatars (232,000) are an independent people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, only 42,000 people - the number of Tatars (Kazan) live in Crimea (see census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse requires its employees to provide the bank with access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The fact is that in Europe and the United States, the Swiss bank does not issue corporate communication devices to its employees, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - telecommunication operator.
According to the current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to resolve business issues with colleagues or customers.
The bank exercises the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used it to hold a meeting with a customer that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees have switched to remote work, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that have been used to solve work issues.
According to the newspaper, the management of the bank has set a deadline until which employees can familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Credit Suisse does not officially comment on the information about the new requirement.
Sontelle Vivre Dual royal mattress 70x200.
In the center of the Vivre Dual royal mattress there is a high-quality and durable unit of high autonomous springs TFK 18.
Natural coconut flooring layers add rigidity, zonal latex distributes the load better, latex with the addition of Aloe ensures hygiene of the bed, and relief foam relaxes.
The mattress is of symmetrical medium hardness and high height (30 cm).
The product is delivered packed in a tight roll and is ready for use in a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable knitted fabric with a stitch on a comfortable layer.
The fabric of the cover does not crumple, does not stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the most difficult for the earthly existence of the poet and his “ego”.
He is already outside any literary associations, spit out with imaginism, it is on its own, but it is known, in demand, sometimes strongly scolded by critics, even viciously, but the reading audience is ready to wear it on hands.
During the year, more than 60 poems were written, many of them are real masterpieces, the Persian Motives cycle has been completed, the poem “Anna Snegina” was written, 8 books were published, and the collection “Soviet Russia” were published.
And the main success is that at the end of June 25, the State Publishing House signed an agreement with Yesenin for the publication of his works in 3 volumes.
None of Sergei Alexandrovich's modern poets have been honored with such an honor, he is the first!
In addition, this promised very good money - under the contract, the fee was 1,000 rubles a month for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 300 rubles per month, the engineer - 200).
Funds were needed that year more than ever.
Yesenin married Leo Tolstoy's granddaughter Sophia Tolstoy, and it was necessary to arrange family life, support sisters Katya and Sasha, as well as his mother.
Life seemed to be getting better, there is something to rejoice at, but for him everything is painted mainly in dark tones, as if a nightmare from the poem “The Black Man” (written in November 1925 and published after Yesenin's death):
My friend, my friend,
I'm very, very ill.
I don't know where this pain came from.
Whether the wind whistles
Over an empty and deserted field
Eh, like a grove in September,
Alcohol showers the brain.
Many friends noted that Yesenin passed a lot, looks bad, is clearly sick.
Increasingly, parties and nervous breakdowns are repeated.
And the reason is probably not only alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis of alcoholism was made to Sergei Alexandrovich by someone, there were no reliable documents left.
For example, dating back to May 1923, when Yesenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, American Isadora Duncan, was improving his health in a clinic near Paris with Professor Pyotr Gannushkin (again Yesenin will get to him two years later, in Moscow).
But there is plenty of evidence of the poet's binge drinking, scandals on this basis, drives to the police - scattered over dozens of memoirs.
Since the beginning of the 1920s, the poet's terrible romance with the green snake has developed rapidly.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Yesenin briefly settled with a friend, imaginist Ivan Startsev.
Surprisingly, Yesenin, with his very good income, never had his own home either in Moscow or in St. Petersburg, he found it in rented apartments, hotels or friends.
Startsev recalls:
“I only came to spend the night, and in most cases in a state of insanity, drunk.
One day, returning at four o'clock in the morning, Yesenin fell on the landing...
Falling, he scratched his face and wheezed.
When he recovered a little, he began to cough continuously, sprinkling blood all over the sheet...”
And Yesenin himself, after a voyage to Europe and the United States (there was prohibition in the United States at that time, but Duncan took a decent supply of alcohol with her) admitted:
“I didn't see anything there except taverns and streets...
I'm at the end and I've stopped remembering people...
Well, I drank, of course...
And I drank because my longing was bitten to death.”
Pirelli Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V tire
Pirelli Scorpion Winter winter tires based on a high-strength mixture of rubbers and silica provide long-term efficient operation, uniform wear, and resistance to loads.
The linear tread pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter wheel, which forms the ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance and directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water and dirt from the contact patch of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, suppress slipping and aquaplaning.
Figured 3D lamellas increase traction on slippery roads, snow and ice.
Large checkers of the shoulder area increase the transverse grip of the Pirelli Scorpio Winter tire when maneuvering, increase traction, and reduce braking distance.
Fine grooves and notches remove heat.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern version of a budget model in the premium line.
The base of the mattress is a block of independent Duet double springs.
A softer small spring is inserted inside the large spring.
This allows you to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
On both sides, the mattress is supplemented with artificial latex filler.
This is an analogue of natural latex, but it is denser and less expensive.
The flexibility and elasticity of this material increases the comfortable effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic and does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is perfect for a couple with a large difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the “smart” springs, there is no wave effect when the light partner rolls down to the side of the heavy one.
A pleasant, soft to the touch cover made of practical Sense jacquard is sewn with a layer of padding polyester.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this mattress model in a twisted version (vacuum roll packaging).
Now my son is almost 16, and he has not been tormented by the desire to fool for a long time.
All the energy is directed to choosing what he will do for a living.
He is much more responsible than I was in his age or my husband, who periodically had problems with the law until the wedding.
A father takes care of his young daughter.
And he loves, as Lermontov wrote, with “strange love”.
Why did the girl cry during the exam when she hadn't failed it yet?
Why didn't he tell his daughter it wasn't a school?
Well, she'll have a tail.
So what?
Retake.
Millions of students know this.
What are we talking about anyway?
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as a “weapon” against the EU
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as a “weapon”
Deputy Foreign Minister of Poland Pavel Yablonsky expressed the opinion that President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as a “weapon” against the European Union and intends next year to return to such an “operation”.
The Deputy Foreign Minister made a corresponding statement in an interview with the Australian Financial Review newspaper.
According to Yablonsky, sanctions against Belarus temporarily “stopped Lukashenka”, but he “is actively looking for new ways”.
The Polish official is also sure that now illegal migrants will be used as weapons “in many parts of the world”.
According to kp.ru, earlier the European Union introduced the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It affected 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
Europe announced its readiness to further expand restrictive measures against the republic, “if the situation in the country does not improve.”
Minsk in response imposed a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Garment cover 60×100 cm, spunbond, color blue.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, you need to take care of them properly.
Proper storage will extend its service life and maintain an attractive appearance.
A garment cover will help us with this!
Benefits.
By using a garment cover, you save a lot of space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Neat appearance.
No more dresses, sweaters and skirts hanging at random.
Neat covers allow you to sort clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people who use racks instead of a regular cabinet, this is the best option.
The cover reliably protects clothes from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
It does not allow clothes to change their shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of creases.
Features of clothes covers.
The special material will allow your clothes to “breathe”.
With careful handling, the service life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The cover is “sealed” with a strong zipper.
It's important to remember
Pre-prepare things for storage for a long time: clean them, straighten the folds.
Choose the optimal size case: things should not bend from below.
It is not recommended to hang several bulky items in one case at once: they may wrinkle.
If you value order and tidiness, value your things, want to preserve them and extend their service life, order a clothing cover.
Go to the large catalog and choose the product you need in the color and size you need at a bargain price!
“Senka's hat is not for Senka”: when a velvet jacket makes a laughing stock out of a man
Velvet jackets dominated social events in 2021.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashion decision was Daniel Craig.
Back in September, at the premiere of the film “No Time to Die”, he appeared in a velvet crimson jacket and a traditional “Bond” butterfly.
His example was followed twice by Prince William, who first wore a green velvet jacket that did not correspond to the royal dress code to the Earthshot Prize eco-award ceremony, and then chose a more classic option for an event in support of the Royal Variety Charity Foundation.
A couple of weeks ago, Lionel Messiah also tried on the trend.
The footballer came to pick up the seventh Ballon d'Or in a velvet Dolce & Gabbana jacket.
By the way, his sons were wearing the same clothes.
AliExpress is already noting the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to analysts of the service received by Gazeta.Ru, they began to be bought 1.4 times more often.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with a lining and a fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, navy blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. At the same time, men prefer to buy only jackets - they choose sets of velvet suits less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
There are budget options in H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment, velvet jackets this season are presented in almost all brands - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most desirable is the Gucci model, in which brand ambassador Jared Leto came to one of the premieres of the film “House of Gucci”.
When choosing jackets of expensive brands, you can be sure that velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to the special technology of weaving threads, a dense fabric with a fleecy outer texture and a smooth inner side is obtained.
More budget options are made of cotton or polyamide, but, accordingly, serve less.
Lamoda fashion expert Ilya Vakhoshkin warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the main thing is not its model or style, but appropriateness.
“Velvet requires evening light, so this jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a gala event,” explains Vakhoshkin. “It is also suitable for cases where the invitation says dress code “Black Tie” or “Creative Black Tie”.
Another important criterion, compliance with which allows you to make a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
“A man in a velvet jacket, first of all, must get the right advanced get-together with prosperity,” the authors of the Handsome Brammell Telegram channel about men's fashion believe. - Owners of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the caste of people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to timed social events, where the dress code is always indicated.
Ilya Vakhoshkin suggests combining a velvet jacket with the same elegant things: classic trousers with arrows, plain shirts, silk ties, tassel loafers, cufflinks.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from “Handsome Brammell” are sure that it would be inappropriate for an ordinary employee to appear in a velvet jacket at a corporate party, but when it comes to “a leader from among those who do this he runs the event, then “yes”, he has such a thing in the topic.”
If the employee is of a lower rank, and his goal is to move higher in the complex hierarchy of the company or knock out financial bonuses, then it is better not to wear a velvet jacket.
The management will definitely appreciate this with the phrase “Senka's hat is not for Senka,” the editors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion believe.
Very ambiguous feelings from the voice.
This is an unnatural timbre, it pulls so tormented.
And it is not at all associated with the sweet face of a young girl.
To be honest, I don't understand the admiration of others.
But I wholeheartedly wish you good luck in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is, it is paid.
Billions of dollars in investments.
Are they sad?
No, the price of electricity has gone up.
Traditional energy also does not lose money - gas, oil, and coal were bought cheaper than they are now sold.
There is a wild demand for fuel.
A penny is dripping.
Who's in flight then?
As usual, an ordinary buyer.
Does the sheriff have problems with the Indians?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be considered idiots who “overslept” the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a good bribe.
I did not see a single beautiful person in the pictures in the article.
Just mediocrity within the average passenger.
Perhaps, if such characters are so confident in their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole car, then most likely they will not get hooked on them.
But only because of the mental disorder and ignorance of such “handsome men (-its)”, but definitely not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, “a slave who is aware of his slave position and fights against it is a revolutionary.
A slave who is unaware of his slavery and languishes in a silent, unconscious and wordless slave life is simply a slave.
A slave who drools when he smug describes the delights of slave life and admires the good and good master is a slave, a boor.”
Immunologist said that revaccination in 4-5 months will help protect against the strain of coronavirus “omicron”
Revaccination in four to five months can protect against a new strain of coronavirus infection omicron.
This statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the vaccine in six months, taking into account the emergence of a new strain, “a very long period”
“With the previous strains, this period was normal, but now it is best to carry out the procedure in five months, and people with chronic diseases - in four months,” the expert said, urging in parallel with vaccination campaign, to engage in booster vaccination.
Kryuchkov also noted that early booster vaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
“If a person was given two vaccinations and a booster, or he was ill and vaccinated, or was vaccinated and got sick, then he received “hybrid immunity”, that is, there are many antibodies and there are enough neutralizing antibodies,” said the expert.
The G7 warned Russia about “large-scale consequences” in the event of an invasion of Ukraine
The G7 countries (Great Britain, Germany, Italy, Canada, the USA, France and Japan) issued a statement following the meeting of foreign ministers in Liverpool.
It emphasizes that the “military aggression” of Russia against Ukraine “will have huge consequences and will cost dearly” Moscow, but specific measures are not described in the document.
“We, the Foreign Ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation building up the military power of Russia and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine, “the statement said.
Ministers further call on Russia to “ease escalation, use diplomatic channels and comply with its international obligations regarding military transparency”, as the US President says Biden spoke during a video call to Russian President Putin on December 7.
“We confirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve the full implementation of the Minsk Agreements in order to resolve the conflict in eastern Ukraine,” they also state G7 Foreign Ministers.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a serious price in response, “they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its future.
We welcome Ukraine's reserved position.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response, “the statement also reads.
Earlier in the day, the head of British diplomacy Elizabeth Truss said that Russia would undergo “serious consequences” in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed “the single voice of the G7 countries, which account for 50% of global GDP, and which made it very clear that the invasion of Ukraine will have huge consequences for Russia”.
The Pfizer vaccine was considered 32 times less effective against the omicron strain
The effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
This conclusion was made by scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, reports South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective based on a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the drug against COVID-19.
“We see that most people had high levels of antiviral activity against the original SARS-CoV-2 variant, but this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variety,” said Professor Malick Peiris.
At the same time, scientists stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against the severe course of the disease when infected with coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of the coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the impact of the omicron strain on it.
The authors of the study came to the conclusion that the omicron strain can cause a new wave of circulation of the virus and an increase in mortality, if additional measures are not taken.
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine accused Germany of blocking the supply of NATO weapons to Kiev
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Alexey Reznikov accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking the acquisition by Kiev of deadly weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-sniper systems and rifles to destroy drones.
At the same time, it is noted that later Berlin softened its position regarding rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defense, Kiev intends to seek the acquisition of the aforementioned weapons within the framework of bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, we are talking about the United States, Great Britain, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government under the leadership of Chancellor Olaf Scholz regarding the permission of arms supplies to Ukraine is still unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukrainian Ambassador to Germany Andriy Melnyk expressed the opinion that Kiev should not expect Berlin to supply weapons under Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous leadership of Germany explained its refusal to provide weapons by the risk of developing a military escalation of the conflict in Donbass, despite the “occupation by Russia” of part of the Ukrainian territories.
The diplomat is sure that Germany will maintain the same “illogical” position under the new Chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that Kiev expects help from Berlin in equipping the navy.
Ukraine expects that Germany “will be a partner of Ukraine in a technical sense”, the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year, Robert Habeck, co-chairman of the Green Party of Germany, visited the republic, where he called for the sale of defensive weapons to Kiev.
Sergey NOSOV 2, no, poor eyesight has nothing to do with it.
Dial “I” instead of “E”?
Do you want to skip a lot of commas?
So write instead of writing.
No, you're an illiterate person.
And for a philologist, this is a shame.
Game set “Fishing”: e/f light, sound, complete playing field, 2 fishing rods, 5 figures, bat. 3AA not in, box.
Electrified children's fishing is a fun and useful toy for child development.
Playing, the kid will train fine motor skills of the hands, develop dexterity, accuracy and attention.
As soon as you turn on the toy, 5 miniature fish will begin to move quickly along the simulated pond to a cheerful melody.
The kid's job is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play alone or together: 2 fishing rods are included in the set.
The toy is powered by 3 AA 1.5 V batteries (not included).
The size of the playing field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
The winners of the Arsenyev Prize were announced in Moscow - Rossiyskaya Gazeta
The solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian Literary Award “Far East” named after V.I.
IN. K. Arsenyev took place in Moscow.
As reported on the award's Instagram page, a total of 89 applications were received by the organizing committee this season.
63 were selected.
Primorsky and Khabarovsk Territories became the leaders in terms of the number of works submitted - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three nominations: “Long Prose”, “Short Prose”, “Prose for Children”.
Nine works were shortlisted - three in each nomination.
Alexander Filkin (Primorsky Krai) became the winner in the nomination “Long Prose” with the book “Inscription on the Gospel”.
Yuri Trutnev, Deputy Prime Minister and Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District, presented the award to the winner.
Lyubov Bezbakh (Sakhalin Oblast) was recognized as the best in the Short Prose nomination with the work “Whisper of Night Rain”.
She received the award from Alexey Chekunkov, Minister of the Russian Federation for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic.
Trans-Baikal writer Nina Belomestnova and her Golden Thread became the laureate in the Children's Prose nomination.
The author was awarded by Andrey Gelasimov, screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize.
All winners will receive 500 thousand rubles each.
Recall that within the framework of the Far East award, authors of the best works on the Far Eastern theme are awarded.
The main objective of the award is not only to reward the winners and tell about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest in the Far East as a territory of priority development of the 21st century.
Novels, novels, collections of stories or short stories, as well as documentary prose and memoirs can be nominated for the competition.
At the same time, the author's place of residence does not matter, the main thing is to write in Russian
The official website of the award: https://премияарсеньева.рф/.
Frying pan, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble color, 4278884.
Kukmara marble cookware is made of cast aluminum and covered with an innovative water-based non-stick marble coating reinforced with superhard mineral particles.
Features of the “Marble” series cookware.
The considerable thickness of the walls and bottom excludes deformation of the body, guarantees durability, and provides the necessary strength of the coating.
The high-strength non-stick water-based marble coating is reinforced with superhard mineral particles.
Environmentally friendly non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorinated carboxylic acid).
Perfect heat distribution over the entire surface of the cookware, long-term heat preservation.
Possibility to use minimal amounts of fat.
The non-stick marble coating is applied by spraying, which guarantees exceptional durability of the coating during operation.
Small scratches and small abrasions on the surface of the cauldron do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the dishes.
The products do not burn and retain their taste.
The ability to cook delicious and healthy food without adding oil, like on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Ease of washing.
Suitable for all types of cookers except induction cookers.
Can be washed in the dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner coating is marble.
High-strength non-stick water-based coating reinforced with particles of superhard minerals.
Reinforced soil layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
Cast aluminum body up to 6 mm thick.
The external non-stick coating is “marble”.
Kukmara cookware will make it possible to turn an ordinary cooking process into a pleasant and easy task for any housewife.
Years... many years ago, I did the same redevelopment.
I combined the hall with the kitchen.
The apartment is three-room.
It was.
Of course, the project, the permit, the new registration certificate, everything is according to the law.
A bookcase and a large dressing room were made in the hallway.
The door to the kitchen was laid, and there was a lot of space.
In almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we have never regretted what we did.
From mistakes, instead of a bath, a cool shower was installed.
I've regretted it a hundred times!
I've only recently realized that I love rum.
But I haven't discovered the beautiful world of rum yet, except for Bacardi and Captain Morgan.
What else would you recommend and how to start this wonderful acquaintance?
I've also been ill.
I'm not going to get vaccinated.
I came to Chernomorske for “rehabilitation”.
Only the weather was unlucky...
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in bright houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus, paint and other chemical compounds will scare away birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thanks, I'll definitely try it.
And what does Japan have to do with it
Thanks for the recipe.
And what kind of apples should I put on this recipe?
This is really good.
I add a little more onions and a green apple.
Try it out.
Recently, the zombie box said that car manufacturing is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (apparently, microcontroller chips).
Russia was not on this list.
That's it!
It is profitable in the United States with their expensive labor force, but in Russia it is not profitable!
And my mother-in-law harassed me.
I feel sorry for her, she's not with us.
If I saw good from her, it could have been different.
But apart from hatred, gossip, scandals, there is not much to remember.
I feel sorry for her, my life lived in anger.
Mercedes protested against the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
The German Mercedes team, whose driver Lewis Hamilton finished second at the Abud-Dhabi Grand Prix after Red Bull driver Max Verstappen, protested against the final result of the race, the press Formula One service.
Mercedes believes that Formula 1 rules 48.12 and 48.8 were violated during the race.
In the first case, the German team challenges the decision of the judges to return the circuit riders in the same lap with the leaders.
According to the second, Verstappen was ahead of Hamilton to the zone allowed by the “restart”.
It should be added that now the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen was ahead of Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the Formula 1 World Cup, are preliminary when considered protests of “Mercedes” are not known
G7 warned Russia about responsibility for the invasion of Ukraine
The foreign ministers of the G7 countries warned of “serious consequences” for Russia if it continues military aggression against Ukraine, said in the final statement of the parties.
The meeting participants also noted that they condemn the strengthening of the Russian armed forces near the borders of the country.
“Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs,” the statement published on the website said of the UK government.
The ministers of the G7 countries and the EU High Representative noted that “they are united in their condemnation of the Russian armed strengthening and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine”.
British Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss at a press conference in Liverpool warned of “great consequences” for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We've made it clear that any invasion would have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to abandon aggression against Ukraine, “she said (quote from TASS).
Earlier at the summit in Liverpool, the G7 foreign ministers agreed that in order to resolve the crisis due to the build-up of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine, the parties need to return to the table negotiations.
It was about negotiations in the Normandy format.
The North Atlantic Alliance also supported the dialogue on Ukraine in the Normandy format.
The representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia Maria Zakharova said that, urging Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries “signed their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes”.
Homsu Diamond waist bag.
The Diamond waist bag is perfect for sports, travel or just walking.
It is convenient to take by yourself, it is roomy, made of durable and lightweight fabric material.
The main compartment opens with a zipper, which can be easily done even on the go.
The stylish and bright design is perfect for those ladies who really have a delicate taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, so it can fit various things, from a passport to a mobile phone.
The material makes it easy to wash the waist bag using various household products.
For convenience, you can use a special strap size regulator.
Ways to return money stolen through online stores have been disclosed
There are several ways to recover money stolen through online stores and avoid becoming a victim of fraud in the future.
They were revealed by information security experts in an interview with RBC.
Thus, to reduce the risk of large losses when bank card data falls into the hands of intruders, it is recommended to store fixed assets on a card or bank account that is not used online -shopping.
Part of your savings can be saved to a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend having a separate card for online purchases.
If the money was stolen from purchases in stores that do not use 3D Secure technology, you can start a refund procedure.
“Within the framework of the rules established by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions conducted without the use of 3D Secure, the responsibility lies with the participant in the settlement chain who does not uses this service”, said the representative of Promsvyazbank.
Artur Zaremba, an expert from the international payment provider Ecommpay, stressed that the buyer has the right to file an application with the bank to challenge the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after purchase.
In addition, if the offender used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authorization, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online stores themselves refund the funds to the customer if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, Ekaterina Mizulina, a member of the Civic Chamber, Director of the Safe Internet League, said that in 2021 alone, 11,000 requests were received for various cases of fraud: from sale forged documents before identity theft.
According to her, an effective solution under the current circumstances can be the creation of a single window for complaints about online fraudsters.
Scholz arrived in Poland to discuss Nord Stream-2 and EU legislation
Newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the crisis with migrants on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the build-up of Russian troops in the borders of Ukraine and the situation with the Russian Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline.
Although Scholz stated his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for many years to come, the leaders of the two countries expressed unequivocal expectations from each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said that he would urge Scholz to oppose Nord Stream-2, through which it is supposed to deliver Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Moravetsky, Russia can use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin said that it will help Warsaw and Brussels in resolving this crisis.
Poland's judicial system, however, remains one of the reasons for controversy.
The European Court of Justice fined Poland, finding that the judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violate EU law.
Poland refused to pay the fine, and its highest court ruled that national legislation took precedence over EU rules.
The new German government, sworn in on Wednesday, despite the demands of Poland and the United States, has not made public commitments to stop the operation of Nord Stream-2 in the event of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
US officials told members of Congress that they have reached an understanding with Germany to shut down the pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior congressional official said Tuesday USA.
German officials did not confirm these reports, but Scholz on Wednesday warned of the consequences if Russia violated the border of Ukraine, a position confirmed on Sunday by representatives of the Big sevens.”
Dmitry, look more closely.
The view outside the window is the same, the window size has not changed.
We removed the wall between the kitchen and the room, so the second window is partially visible.
In general, those who are not familiar with the initial layout doubt.
And I know such apartments very well and I can clearly see how it was replanned.
Let it be all right for them.
It is always surprising when they write about means to wash the sink, toilet, window sills, taps.
You wash them once a year on Easter, or something, that you have to wash them directly.
Just don't let it get dirty.
The Ministry of Finance wants to give writers residences
The state will transfer federal property inherited from the Writers' Union of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR to the future Fund for the Support of Russian Writers.
Writers' residences will be created on its basis, the Ministry of Finance told Parlamentskaya Gazeta, which will become the founder of the fund.
The Ministry of Finance is preparing a draft presidential decree on the creation of a Fund for the Support of Russian Writers.
The explanatory note specifies that the fund will be instructed to take care, among other things, of the targeted use and preservation of buildings and buildings that once belonged to the Soviet Writers' Union and the Literary Fund.
“A significant number of real estate objects previously owned by the Literary Fund of the USSR became the property of the Russian Federation, including objects located in the writers' town Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo, Leningrad Region and others, “the press service of the Ministry of Finance told Parlamentskaya Gazeta.
The draft decree prescribes to reflect in the charter of the Foundation that it “is created in order to promote literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers.”
“Creating conditions for creative activity” means the creation of writer's residences on the basis of the transferred property in different regions of Russia, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creativity,” the Ministry of Finance explained to our publication.
520 rubles for one cut tomato?
Cheese cake is literally a layer of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a beaker for 570...
No, it looks delicious, of course, but the price is simply inadequate.
Apparently, rich people gathered at Belorusskaya.
Doctors warned about the danger of prolonged use of blood-thinning drugs after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned of the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after coronavirus infection COVID-19 and before vaccination against coronavirus.
Therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that self-prevention of possible blood clots after COVID-19 can provoke a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-thinning drugs are not intended for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in a hospital, and had complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning drugs that prevent excessive formation of blood clots) according to indications.
She said that obscurantism is happening now - everyone drinks anticoagulants for a long time and receives complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (cerebral hemorrhage) against this background.
Sergey Tokarev, chief dispensary of the Ural Federal District, scientific director of the Society of Preventive Medicine Specialists, Doctor of Medical Sciences, said in an interview with URA.RU that anticoagulants are randomly Russians now often use it before vaccination against coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe dubious advice on the Internet and begin to self-medicate.
There are citizens who, a week before vaccination, by their decision, start taking anticoagulants.
And during a preliminary examination before vaccination, doctors notice bruises.
He stressed that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without finding out the cause of any symptom.
Potatoes were called a superfood to protect against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and affordable vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing diseases of the cardiovascular system.
Potatoes are found in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and microelements that contribute to the functioning of internal organs.
It helps with heart disease by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol, reports the Semana portal.
Today, heart disease is the main cause of early human death.
To improve the situation, you need not only to be treated, but also to eat right.
One of the assistants in this situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to scientists, this root crop contains a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and also has vitamin C, which is very important for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
Microelements help to work effectively all internal systems of the body.
Among other things, the root crop fights against natural age-related disorders in the body, contains a lot of fiber useful for the gastrointestinal tract.
With regular consumption, it can prevent atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I've had such a case.
A lady came to look at the apartment.
I came from out of town to show it.
The ad contained detailed photos and description of the apartment.
She was extremely dissatisfied, because there was no “chic” kitchen and “chic” balcony.
My aunt seems to have nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, and people spend their time.
About 145 thousand teenagers were vaccinated with the first component against COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information on vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and lactating women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, Kazinform reports with reference to the IDC on the non-proliferation of COVID-19.
Twenty people died from coronavirus and pneumonia in a day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely serious condition - Ministry of Health of the Republic of Kazakhstan Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the “green zone” Coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, the Pfizer vaccine has been vaccinated: the first component is 181,037 people, the second component is 14,580 people.
Of these, the first dose: adolescents - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, lactating women - 25,779.
Second dose: adolescents 10,690, pregnant women 1,141, nursing women 2,749.
Plumber who found money in the wall of the church will be paid 20 thousand dollars
A plumber who found money in the wall of a church in the US state of Texas will be paid a reward.
This was reported in a press release from the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident took place in the large evangelical church Lakewood, where Pastor Joel Osteen preaches, promising that devout Christians will have wealth and prosperity.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cowley was repairing one of the church toilets and found thousands of bags of money and checks under thermal insulation.
He handed over the find to the church and, according to him, did not even receive gratitude from Austin.
“I wanted to hear him say, 'You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could do, “KPRC-TV quotes him.
Apparently, the find is related to a theft that occurred at Lakewood Church seven years ago.
Then about 200 thousand dollars in cash and 400 thousand dollars in the form of checks, which were stored in the church safe, disappeared.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer losses.
Nevertheless, for information about the criminals, a reward of 25 thousand dollars was announced.
Justin Cowley could not claim this amount because the award had already expired.
Despite this, the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston, which once allocated $5,000 for the award and later received another $20,000 as a gift from Lakewood Church, decided reward the plumber's honesty.
He will receive $20,000.
Earlier it was reported that the police interrogated Pastor Joel Austin about the money found in the wall of Lakewood Church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is her characteristic of “as a real person”.
Therefore, the attitude towards it is so negative.
And it's not that “she is financially much richer than all hacks”, as they say here.
There are richer people, but not everyone is as impudent, as defiant as this madam.
Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1 mattress, size 190x190.
Soft Cocos pillowtop mattress 1.
It is based on the TFK unit (256 springs per square meter).
Springs independent of each other contribute to the correct distribution of the load.
Coconut coir (a material made from coconut palm fibers) is used as a filler.
Felt layers are placed between filler and spring unit.
Both sides of the mattress are above medium hardness.
Removable cover Jacquard Sense: cotton 5%, polyester 95%.
The fabric density is 116 g/m².
Simple and tasty again.
I was looking for chicken recipes on your page.
They gave us chicken as a gift.
It was grown on their own farm by our friends.
It weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to cook it tastier.
I want to find a recipe for chicken baked in pieces in beer.
Have you ever tried this?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes “from the Internet”.
In China, recorded a new case of human infection with the avian influenza virus
A new case of human infection with the avian influenza virus of a highly pathogenic variety of H5N6 has been recorded in China.
This was reported by the radio station RTHK with reference to the notification of the health authorities of Hong Kong, reports TASS.
The infection was infected with a 68-year-old resident of Huizhou City District in the southern province of Guangdong, who kept poultry on the farm.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The world's first human infection with a strain of the H5N6 virus was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
Brazil obliges citizens to present vaccination passports when entering the country
Brazil has obliged to require covid passports from those entering the territory of the state, the corresponding decision was made by Judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF) Luis Roberto Barroso.
This is reported by CNN Brasil.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempt from presenting a certificate from vaccination.
The list of exceptions also includes persons who arrived from countries where the absence of a vaccine has been proven.
“The situation is even more serious considering that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year's, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which implies an increase in tourist traffic,” Barroso said.
Earlier, Brazilian authorities ordered tourists unvaccinated against coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
The scheme of full protection against COVID-19 has been disclosed
Anatoly Altshtein, virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honored Scientist of Russia, revealed a scheme for full protection against coronavirus infection in an interview with URA.ru.
According to him, this can be achieved by injecting and using a nasal vaccine.
When used internasally, immunoglobulins A are formed in large quantities. This does not happen when the vaccine is injected.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucous membrane so that the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside, after vaccination, we have the most immunoglobulins G (antibodies).
And if you administer both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But so far there is no decision on double vaccination, “the doctor said.
Sergey Tokarev, chief dispensary of the Ural Federal District, Doctor of Medical Sciences, said that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination together with injection vaccination is the ability to stop be a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this will help by the fact that in this case, the protection of the body, presumably, should be maximum.
Earlier, Nizhny Novgorod Region Minister of Health David Melik-Huseynov said that the spread of the new coronavirus infection among children will lead to a new surge in the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to him, this is the picture that is observed in other countries where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked to a male dog (died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, feeding, affection, love and games for a tight female, then go ahead.
But the pesel was trained and generally smart.
He chose my company and went home.
The video shows a method that works 90% of the time.
Not taken from the ceiling, believe me.
I slowed down many owners not to run after the dog, although they lamented that 200 thousand were running away (pomsky), took my hand straight and led them in the other direction.
As a result, “200 thousand” chose the owner, and not a dog that ran somewhere there.
Mass protests of opponents of vaccination do not stop in Europe
More than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets in the Austrian capital Vienna.
They expressed dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and plans of the authorities to make vaccination against covid mandatory.
From February next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
The Spaniards, outraged by the authorities' health policy, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some held posters that read “This is a false pandemic”, “I will not be vaccinated”.
A major protest against sanitary passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, a covid certificate is required for access to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes, and nightlife venues.
The authorities of a number of regions of the country decided to introduce sanitary passports against the background of an increase in the number of cases of coronavirus infection
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then escalated into clashes with law enforcement officers.
A group of demonstrators threw stones at the police.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nikolay S., even Wikipedia does not agree on this issue.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also designated as “the first Russian doctor, doctor of medicine”, probably because she started studying earlier.
Let's just not argue, I think they both deserve this title.
But I agree with Zakharova with one thing: the Americans only carried death and looting to any country wherever they appeared.
Lonax Cocos TFK mattress 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut coir on a TFK spring block.
The mattress is hard, framed on both sides by layers of natural coconut.
The mattress is based on a block of independent TFK springs.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load, help the body take its natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
The cover made of natural jacquard is dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to the touch.
It is bad and sad to grow old alone, but it is inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad when you read about it.
A person must live as long as he can serve himself and not be a burden to anyone.
Good health to everyone.
WHO has discovered “omicron” in six dozen countries
The World Health Organization (WHO) said that a new strain of coronavirus omicron has already been identified in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already saying that the spread of a new strain can have catastrophic consequences.
The rate of spread of the strain was told in the WHO message.
According to the organization, as of December 9, the strain has already been identified in 63 countries, in all six WHO regions.
This is despite the fact that it began to be actively distributed only from the end of November.
WHO is also concerned about the rapid spread of the new variant of coronavirus.
WHO experts express concern that the new strain, according to preliminary data, may bypass the delta strain in terms of spread, which is also the Indian variant of the coronavirus, which is now leading in all absolutely countries without exception.
Prior to this, the Director General of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said that the omicron strain can have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in the UK.
Experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that “omicron” in the coming months will replace the “delta”.
And the number of cases in Britain alone will be about 1 million. This is despite the fact that officially several hundred people are currently ill with omicron in the Kingdom, and according to estimates, up to 10,000.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the strain “omicron”, and at its peak, more than 2 thousand people will be taken to hospitals every day.
What the British healthcare system will not be able to cope with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that according to recent studies, the effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the omicron strain is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
It is still unknown how the Russian Sputnik V reacts to omicron - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has just begun testing the Russian vaccine on the omicron strain.
Why should we see the stages of aging?
It would be better to SEE your exercises in more detail.
It is not clear in the first exercise how to do it: sitting on your heels or kneeling, as it is written, but how then can you rest your hands on your hips?
Or hands on your waist?
Curious Squirrel, you are right, communicating on the Internet is completely different, they communicate easily and naturally, and there is nothing to say in person.
And seeing a person live may not be what you expected, did not catch you - hence the attitude.
When she meets his man, then his views will change.
And again, Soviet times are called the “time of demons”.
People believed in God much more honestly back then than they do today.
And they were brought up almost according to God's laws (love for your neighbor, do not steal, etc.).
What an ideology today is money at any cost.
There is not enough faith for talkers like Globa (and it does not exist at all), but even so, the time of demons came in the 90s...
Our St. Petersburg, or rather Leningrad communal apartment with Bolshaya Zelenina still maintains communication.
Of course, we are not the closest friends, but we are trying to preserve the warmth of relations between the older generation
Perhaps this is due to the fact that there were no visitors in the apartment, rooms were not rented out, and no one canceled the blockade brotherhood.
Unfortunately, we see each other more and more often at funerals.
Lara Angelskaya, come on!
Human cubs, especially males, are strong, mobile, energetic, furious, pushing, fighting, just like their little “brethren” in wildlife!
It's a pity that they are not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches are common, and not a boomerang!
And for what?
Did you push your brother without calculating his strength?
Are you always so clever that you never accidentally hurt anyone and have never injured yourself?
SkySleep Wave Space BS mattress 150x185 cm.
The Bonnel Wave Space BS spring block mattress has moderate rigidity on both sides.
The comfortable layers of the mattress are a combination of coconut plate and artificial latex with a relief surface — ErgoFoam.
The cover of the product is cotton, made of jacquard weave fabric.
It is durable, resistant to wear and tear, at the same time it allows air to pass through well without interfering with the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is quilted on padding polyester, which gives it softness.
A practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coconut coir has antimicrobial properties, it is tough, evenly distributes its weight.
Artificial latex with a cellular sharp surface provides the mattress with a micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, reliable design.
The Bonnel block, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it can withstand heavy loads, and is well suited for pairs with a small difference in weight.
Along the perimeter, the product is reinforced with a foam box - it extends the service life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation along the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennett announced the beginning of vaccination in schools
The Ministry of Health of Israel from Sunday begins an emergency program to increase vaccination.
Since the morning of December 12, coronavirus vaccination has been carried out in schools throughout Israel.
Prime Minister of the Jewish state Naftali Bennett said at today's meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers that the issue of vaccinating citizens at risk with the fourth dose will also be studied.
In Israel, mass vaccination of the population against coronavirus infection COVID-19 began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are vaccinated with Pfizer.
Since January 10 last year, vaccinated people began to receive a second dose.
Vaccination of adolescents aged 12-15 in this country started in early June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of vaccination, the third - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gauer, well, probably, the tick will not crawl onto the trap, it's ARACHNID, as LYALYA put it.
In any case, I don't see a tick.
But I'm curious, what if there is one?
We need to give him something else to tempt him
Dimax Kids Mattress Genius 70x190
Double-sided children's mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut coir based on the independent EVS500 spring block.
Children's springless mattress made of latex and coconut on an independent spring block.
Natural latex is a soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep as comfortable as possible.
On the reverse side, the mattress is of medium hardness, comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
The mattress is based on a block of independent springs.
Springs distribute the load as accurately and evenly as possible over the mattress surface, supporting the body in its natural position.
A great option for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
The material is durable, wear-resistant, not subject to abrasion.
In Brazil, as a result of heavy rains, seven people were killed
At least seven people were killed and 175 were injured as a result of heavy rains that hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas Gerais.
This is reported in TASS with reference to rescue services.
On the border of these states, an extratropical cyclone has been raging since the middle of the week, as a result of which the rainfall in the region reached 450 mm. In 25 municipalities in the state of Bahia, a state of emergency has been declared, in some of which floods were the most devastating in 35 years.
The elements destroyed several bridges, two river dams, blocked traffic on three routes.
According to rescuers, about 5.7 thousand people were left homeless, and another 6.7 thousand were forced to leave their homes.
The damage from the disaster affected more than 85 thousand residents of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol ointment, I work with medicines.
It relieves inflammation well.
Personally, I like Bepanten better for the regeneration of superficial wounds and abrasions, but you know better on the spot what is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is going on, there was such a hole, just terrible.
Hola, España, You did not hear me and did not understand me.
I will answer with M. Isakovsky: “Migratory birds are flying\ Nlook for the past summer. \ n
They're flying to hot countries,\ nAnd I don't want to fly,\ nAnd I stay with you,\ nMy dear side! \ n
I don't need someone else's sun,\ nI don't need someone else's land.”
And believe me, the photos from the park where I went skiing or my city will be no worse.
By the way, it would be much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
MAPED wax crayons (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 col., twisting, in a plastic case.
A set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a twisting rod.
They do not crumble, do not stain the handles, they are absolutely safe.
Do not require sharpening.
The body is made of high-quality durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: zippered bag.
$135 billion went to applications - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending on apps increased by 25% worldwide and downloads by 8%.
Various video services turned out to be the most popular in the world.
Most of all, users downloaded the CapCut video editor, and spent the most on YouTube.
Both app downloads and user spending showed a significant increase between January and November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. User spending in applications increased even more significantly: by 25%, to a record $135 billion.
Such data were published by App Annie, an analytical company, which presented a report on the mobile app market in 2021.
In 2021, the global economy came out of lockdown and began a post-pandemic recovery.
“Will this “return to physical” slow down the growth of the app economy? Not at all,” the authors of the report believe.
India became the leader in the number of app downloads, accounting for about 20% of all app downloads.
It is followed by the United States (9%) and Brazil (8%).
Users of iOS gadgets, as before, spent more than Android users: iOS accounted for 65% of all app spending.
Among apps, the CapCut video editor took the first place in terms of downloads in 2021.
It is followed by two Indian apps: the MX TakaTak video service and the Meesho online trading app.
Telegram is also in the top 10 in terms of downloads.
In general, judging by the number of downloads, VPN services are popular among users (there are two of them in the top 10 - VPN Master and NighTowl VPN) and services related to creating and broadcasting videos (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak in the top 10 includes two more such services - Moj and SnackVideo).
“Users spent the most in applications for live broadcasting and online streaming,” the authors of the report note.
YouTube is the leader here, and the top 5 in terms of user spending also include TikTok video service, Disney+ and HBO Max streaming video services, as well as the Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma.
Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok occupy the first places in terms of the number of monthly active users, and the mobile version of Microsoft Office closes the top 5.
In Russia, the AliExpress shopping application turned out to be the leader in terms of the number of downloads per year.
It is followed by the Zenly service, which shows the location of friends, and the same CapCut.
Also, the top 10 applications include: StarMaker online karaoke, Shein online clothing retailer, Maps for Minecraft PE app, DiDi online taxi ordering service, Pure Tuber YouTube client, app Dixy retailer and Samokat online store.
All over the world, people have adapted to the pandemic through the transition to life in mobile, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The greatest success has been achieved by industries that helped people be closer both virtually and personally,” commented Lexi, Head of Market Research at App Annie Sidow.
The mobile gaming sector reached $90 billion in revenue in 2021. The leaders in terms of the number of downloads were casual and hypercasual games, in which there is no or almost no plot, and the video design is minimal.
The top 3 most popular games in the world included Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia, DOP 2 is leading among games: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends next year, the company's analysts named the increase in the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growing popularity of financial applications among Generation Z, such as investor applications Robinhood, as well as a further increase in the popularity of metaversive mobile games.
Clan De File dog treat with beef, 30 pcs. 40 g each.
A natural dried beef treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Clan De File is a meat fillet for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
A natural jerky treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Only one type of protein is used in cooking - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, which means that the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the delicacy is meat fillet, processed in accordance with the quality standards that are used in cooking for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily diet: no more than 10% of the daily diet of an adult animal.
Energy value: 407 kcal
Ingredients: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians were warned about a new scheme of fraudsters
Attackers began to look for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
This is written by Izvestia with reference to experts.
According to Zaur Abutalimov, Product Director at Ivideon, the main danger associated with the spread of video communications is deepfakes.
In this case, fraudsters create a fake video based on real records involving the victim.
Thanks to this, the neural network is able to accurately reproduce the features of the behavior of a person.
Abutalimov added that using a deepfake, attackers can call the victim's acquaintances via video link or create a video with a copy of a person for blackmail.
“Such fakes can easily provoke bullying, as a savvy attacker can put people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scenarios,” the expert said.
Varonis leading system engineer Alexander Vetkol, in turn, noted that psychologically people trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this can create specific risks when it comes to technologies using video.
David, I'll add.
In what I wrote above, I focused on the fact that I bought it all in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow me to paint much and walk in short skirts, show stockings and tights on legs.
This is a province, but the store HAD such a product.
In big cities, Muslim women also painted and showed their thighs.
This is how Dushanbe is a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are a lot of fashionistas, but there are no cosmetics.
Five actions that will help avoid diabetes mellitus are listed
Blood sugar problems are among the most common in the world.
However, some do not attach much importance to this, and in vain.
Diabetes mellitus can eventually lead to serious complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a major role in preventing the formation of diseases.
Thus, doctors recommend changing the drinking regime - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to ordinary water have a positive effect on metabolism.
Sweet foods raise blood sugar levels to a dangerous level when consumed in excess.
Therefore, the first step towards a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and storing them at home.
The appearance of the disease is affected not only by malnutrition, but also by habits.
To reduce the risks of diabetes mellitus, you need to move a lot.
Experts advise sticking to a low-carb diet.
Such a diet will not only help reduce weight, but also protect against sudden fluctuations in sugar levels.
To protect yourself from diabetes, you need to eat a lot of fiber.
Dietary fiber fills the stomach and thus contributes to a feeling of satiety, the release of digestive juices and increased absorption of food.
Tomato seeds GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, article number 4241014.
Low-growing early beef-tomato with abundant fruiting for growing outdoors and under temporary film shelters.
The plant is determinant, with short internodes.
The fruits are large, rich pink in color, quite dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by leaves, and are well stored.
The flesh is juicy and sugary-flavored.
The hybrid is resistant to a complex of diseases.
It is recommended for salads, snacks and slicing.
Sowing for seedlings: late March to early April.
The pick is in the phase of the first real sheet.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses is in May.
After planting in open ground, the plants are formed and tied up.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has an energy efficiency of class A, which allows you to consume significantly less electricity during operation.
The freezer is perfect for both a private house and an apartment due to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and excellent noise insulation in it.
the camera does not work louder than a regular refrigerator.
The quick freezing function freezes food in the shortest possible time, maintaining the maximum amount of nutrients.
The Slavda FC-160 chest freezer corresponds to the N/ST climatic class, which allows it to work seamlessly at room temperatures up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova spoke about the “weekend migraine” among workaholics
Several factors can lead to a deterioration in well-being on weekends
The reason for the deterioration of well-being after working days is often “weekend migraine”, said a well-known endocrinologist, candidate of medical sciences, senior researcher of the faculty fundamental medicine of Moscow State University, scientific director of the System Medicine Clinic Zukhra Pavlova in her telegram channel.
According to her, workaholics suffer especially often from this, who have headache, weakness and weakness on weekends.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to the fatigue that has accumulated over the week, there are quite a few objective reasons for the negative reaction of the body to changes in conditions.
On weekends, our lives change radically.
“We sleep for a long time, we lie on the couch all day, most likely we eat more and drink less,” the doctor argued. “Due to the lack of coffee, a little withdrawal begins.
Due to overeating and lack of water, it is heavy and broken.”
An additional role is played by the late rise.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, there will be a reaction called jet lag.
It occurs for travelers who cross several time zones.
To determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of well-being, Pavlova recommended tracing what changes the most on weekends.
Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 mattress 130x185.
The reinforced perimeter made of high-density foam significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
Optimal Hard S1000 mattress with different sides of stiffness, total mattress height 23 cm.
The maximum permissible load per bed is up to 140 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block “S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows you to properly distribute the body load.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt has been added, separating the mattress and spring fillers.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 2 cm thick, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
Cotton jacquard quilted on 2 cm thick artificial latex and 1 cm Hollcon material, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress there is a 1 cm thick layer of coconut coir and a layer of felt is used.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the layers.
Scientists of South Africa announced the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against “omicron”
South Africa announced the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against omicron
Scientists in the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus infection.
It is estimated that it (the neutralization rate of “omicron”) corresponds to (the level) of effectiveness of the vaccine of 22.5% against symptomatic infection, which... questions the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection, says the text of the study published on the MedRxiv portal.
At the same time, experts clarified that the drug can save you from the severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of coronavirus could cause a new wave of pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in familiar foods?
Sugar is not the best source of beneficial nutrients.
Its excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cause cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should take into account that under an unfamiliar word, hidden sugar may be indicated in the product - an ingredient similar to sugar in calorie content, composition and glycemic index.
The label can contain several dozen names, in fact, denoting sugar.
One of the most common and common names is glucose and fructose.
There may also be other hidden sugars, such as dextrose (sugar derived from corn), levulose (fruit sugar), molasses (black molasses), agave syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be found not only in confectionery, but also in ketchup, doctor's sausage, bread, etc.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, as well as pay attention to the label and many different names sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but no matter how the ingredient in the product is called syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white, it still remains sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar, since it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the package, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total amount of sugar can be significantly higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: Gas will lose importance for Germany in 25 years
The new German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that gas imports are losing importance for Germany, as the country continues to switch to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal by 2045, becoming a climate-neutral country.
“That is, in 25 years the world will be such that the issue of transporting gas to Germany and Europe will play a different role,” the Chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany continues to remain committed to Ukraine's transportation of Russian natural gas in the future, as at the moment this resource is important for energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States made a statement recording Berlin's support for the energy transformation of Ukraine.
Earlier, German Foreign Minister Annalena Berbock said that the certification process of the Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline continues.
According to the Minister, within the framework of coalition negotiations and discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that European law in the field of energy should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline does not yet “comply with the requirements” of the European Union.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
In 1985, I had to travel to those parts.
I remember very well ChMEZ, climbing from Kanatchikovo station uphill, past an ancient building (similar to a centralization post, two-story), along Kanatchikovsky passage, and turning right into the street Vavilov, to the factory gate...
Hackers hacked Twitter Prime Minister of India
Hackers broke into the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The attackers managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India allegedly recognized bitcoin as legal tender, and that the country has already purchased cryptocurrency.
Modi's office was asked to ignore the new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter reacted quickly - access to the account was restored.
The page of the Prime Minister of India was already hacked in 2020 and called for donations to the fund using cryptocurrency.
In a referendum in New Caledonia, the majority voted against independence
In New Caledonia, the third referendum, held on 12 December, ended with the same result as the previous two.
According to the first partial results, announced on Sunday, 12 December, at noon, a majority of New Caledonians voted in a referendum against the independence of their territory.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the previous two.
According to preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51 per cent (2,755) voted in favor of New Caledonia's independence from France, while 96.49 per cent (75) voted in favor of New Caledonia's independence from France 762) voted “against”.
The turnout was 43.90%, and more than 80,000 New Caledonians took part in the elections.
As France-Presse comments on these interim results, “the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt”, as supporters of independence urged voters not to participate in the vote.
As the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that the new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic in the archipelago prevents a full-fledged and “honest” election campaign.
Thus, this non-participation paved the way for a third victory for supporters of French New Caledonia, after the referendums held in November 2018 and October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, and 53.3% in 2020.
According to the separatists, they do not recognize the results of the last vote and will challenge them in the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, at the Elysee Palace, French President Emmanuel Macron should speak on the results of this referendum.
The topic of independence of New Caledonia has largely revived the last weeks of the presidential campaign in France.
Several presidential candidates spoke in favor of the territory remaining within France, as it is “the last region of the European Union's presence in the Pacific”.
“New Caledonia must remain French,” Eric Zemmour has repeatedly repeated.
The same statement was made by Republican candidate Valerie Pecress, who published a column in Le Figaro at the end of October urging Caledonians to remain French.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take a position “because it is not his responsibility.”
However, the president added: “France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia.”
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed “a strong desire that the choice of Caledonians be the choice of France”.
Sveta, oh hello!
I'm a little... a little rude to you, I'm still awkward, ashamed.
Thanks for not turning your back on my channel.
On the subject: I am not an artist, I like to draw, but it turns out to be an inspired daub.
But as an artist, not an artist at all: what would I change here?
Just do not forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as common as it is now.
But medicine was at zero - leeches, garlic and decoctions.
Now they would put them on their feet in a moment.
And the food has absolutely nothing to do with it.
Turkey tests world's first drone with laser weapons
Turkey has successfully tested the world's first drone with laser weapons.
The Eren UAV was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 m, reports MIR24.
The device is capable of neutralizing explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum flight altitude of the novelty reaches 3 thousand meters.
After passing the appropriate tests, the UAV should enter service with the Turkish military, who will use it to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of sappers.
The agency emphasizes that Turkey is among six countries in the world capable of developing and producing its own drones.
I cut pink salmon with steaks.
Salt, sugar, black peppercorns and sweet peas.
Sometimes I added cloves, it does not interfere.
In a deep cup, I covered it with a saucer on top.
Well, that's all.
And why do I need this salmon, for that kind of money I don't know what kind of salmon, pink salmon is a great fish.
Bread, butter, pink salmon.
Awesome sandwich.
Readers of the WSJ criticized the article on relations between Russia and the United States
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized the article of Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the material expressed concern that the West allegedly sacrifices Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger posed by Moscow, and made a number of offensive statements against Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the end, Hartwell called on Western countries to “act as a united front against Russia.”
Readers of the WSJ expressed their disagreement with the position of the American professor.
“There is quite a lot of false information in this article,” RIA Novosti quotes a comment from one of the readers.
“Europe is not ours to “lose” it, and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never enter into a nuclear war with Russia for the sake of Ukraine, “another said.
The patches can also be applied to the lip area.
Hydrogel used in the production of Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorbency and transfer the skin is highly concentrated natural plant essence, fits snugly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
When transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the associated loss of moisture and causes the essence to penetrate into the deeper layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with remote control Nores
The 2085/EL NORES series luminaire consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic diffuser.
The material of the diffuser is high-quality acrylic of white matte color, which provides the luminaire with uniform dispersion and good light transmission.
The shape of the lampshade: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots, which give the turned on lamp a beautiful effect of “starry flickering” and transfusion.
The IP43 degree of protection allows the luminaire to be used in certain areas of wet rooms.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with a 72 W lens that corresponds to a 520 W incandescent lamp.
As well as a remote control, which smoothly changes the color temperature of 3000-6000K, changes the brightness, switches to the warm/white/cold/night light switching mode.
Uriage Moisturizing thermal night face mask 50 ml.
An ultra-moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rested and radiant skin in the morning!
A real “thermal bath” for dehydrated skin!
It tones, smoothes the skin texture and restores the skin barrier.
Very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
An excellent skin care product after active sun exposure!
It is hypoallergenic.
Earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril Islands
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 231.8 km north-east of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
The focus was at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier, seismologists recorded an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he was born into a poor American family and tried to get into people, it is not known where his petty-bourgeois thinking would go.
It's good when you came to America as a famous person.
And if you were born there, you don't know what you'd fight for.
So in vain he poured mud, bile and poison on a system that no one had come up with fairer yet.
Ukraine will start producing new generation jet drones
The new Ukrainian-Turkish plant will begin to create jet unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) of the ANKA type.
This was announced on December 11 by freelance adviser to the head of the office of the Ukrainian President Alexey Arestovich
That is, they are able to act against air objects, against other drones.
Even against manned aircraft.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of Turkish avionics: the hull and the like, “Dialog.ua quotes him.
Commenting on the main features of ANKA devices, Arestovich said that we are talking about jet, not piston UAVs.
According to him, this is a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceed it “in all respects”.
The first batch of UAVs should be produced by the plant at the end of next year, concluded Arestovich.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the drone has been carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
The day before, the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems during military operations of the joint forces in the Donbass.
On December 6, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the country had begun construction of a plant for the manufacture of modern military drones.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kiev region, which will conduct personnel training, as well as testing and maintenance Turkish Bayraktar UAVs.
The press service of the office of the Ukrainian leader called this memorandum “a big real step forward”.
Two lions escaped from the container at the airport
Lions escaped at Singapore's Changi Airport.
This is reported by The Straits Times.
Two predators managed to get out of a container with seven lions, which arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were going.
One of the fugitive lions lay down on the roof of the container.
The animals could not move away from it because of the protective net installed nearby.
The confrontation ended after the arrival at the airport of employees of the organization Mandai Wildlife Group, which is in charge of all Singapore zoos.
They immobilized the lions with tranquilizer darts and plan to take them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, the lion ran away from the owner and walked around the streets of the city.
On the same day, the beast voluntarily returned home, people were not injured.
Experts warned of the threat of cancer due to vitamin B9
Studies suggest that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
This was warned by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people who do not lack folic acid are less likely to develop certain types of cancer, in particular, colorectal cancer.
However, exceeding the required dose, on the contrary, contributes to the growth of cancer cells
Professor at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, nutritionist Beth Kitchen advises monitoring the amount of folic acid consumed throughout the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only if you deviate significantly from this figure up or down.
Kitchen recommends that you do not take vitamin B9 tablets without a doctor's recommendation, be sure to monitor the dosage and avoid milk cereals and other foods that contain folic acid.
Previously, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Since it is found in avocados, among other things, Fine recommended that men after 50 years of age eat this fruit more often.
In the UK by April due to the omicron strain may die about 75 thousand people
Forecasts of British scientists show that up to 75 thousand people may die due to the spread of the omicron strain of coronavirus in the next five months in England, if restrictive measures are not tightened in winter.
This was reported by The Guardian newspaper, citing a study by experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), reports TASS.
According to the most optimistic forecast of experts who are members of the scientific advisory group on emergency situations under the British Cabinet of Ministers, by April 2022, the country at least 25,000 deaths due to the omicron strain will be recorded, and a total of about 175 thousand patients will be hospitalized.
At the same time, at the peak of the incidence, hospitals will receive more than 2,000 infected people daily.
“Serious measures to combat coronavirus may be required to prevent the National Health Service from becoming overloaded if the omicron strain turns out to be more contagious than the delta variant, and existing vaccines will not be able to exclude infections, “said mathematician Rosanna Barnard of LSHTM.
Earlier, the Health Safety Agency of Great Britain informed: if the rate of spread of the omicron strain remains at the current level, then by the end of the year the country will about 1 million cases of infection have been detected.
At the same time, by mid-December, the omicron strain may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
Currently, 1,898 cases of infection with the omicron strain of coronavirus have been detected in the UK, of which 633 have been detected over the past 24 hours.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health Sajid Javid pointed out that in reality this figure could already reach 10 thousand cases.
After all, I wanted to write some clever comment, but I read it to this point:
“A fur coat obtained as a result of the incredible suffering of an unfortunate animal and its employment for a second job.”
And it fell under the table!
So the “unhappy animal” is the husband, and I thought it was a chinchilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Edge, judging by the dislikes, your thoughts are not very accessible to most.
What did you mean - that those on Instagram are pretending or do they definitely have time to do everything, because they don't need to pretend?
The NW is like a clothing drain, everything that did not disperse at one time turns out to be here.
If you set a goal and dig hard, you can find something worthwhile in the middle of the crap.
You just have to be patient and be clear about what you're looking for.
The demand for superyachts grew by a quarter in the world
The construction of superyachts this year and orders for next year are breaking all records in the world, despite calls to reduce the hydrocarbon footprint and combat climate change.
In the world register of ships, the number of ordered yachts amounted to 1,200 units, which is a quarter more than last year.
In the era of fighting the effects of climate change for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, it is difficult to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for a floating fortress for 50 million dollars pounds and more, will not decrease, writes “The Guardian”.
However, they are becoming more and more.
This year, 25% more vessels were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokers say that there has not been such a stir in the market for 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht are afraid of infection on land and prefer to escape the pandemic aboard their own ship.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
Previously, all these people went to the office and met with business partners in person, now the vast majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are conducted in zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards are accepting orders for new yachts for 2025 and later.
This means that customers are willing to pay more so that their yacht is ready at least a year or two earlier.
“People just crave freedom, and the super rich could afford it,” he says.
In Western society, many criticize this behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, say sociologists, do not want to understand that in times of deprivation, traveling into space, living on yachts or flying on their own planes cause irritation in society, because the elite does not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are calling governments to action and proposing new taxes and rules for the super-rich, although they understand that with such mobility of money, this will be extremely difficult to do.
Meanwhile, only the number of superyachts ordered is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1,200 vessels, 27 have a stern length of more than 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke is building a 183 meter REV Ocean yacht.
Once launched, it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a “lunar pool”, as well as a submarine designed to study the depths of the sea.
Helicopter platforms, open-air cinemas have become common on existing superyachts, and some of them, such as the yacht of wrestler McGregor, have a martial arts platform. Professor economic anthropology at the American University of Indiana Richard Wilke says that compared to the total number of greenhouse gas samples, the carbon footprint produced by the super is negligible.
But it has a symbolic meaning, given that there are a little more than 2000 multi-billionaires in the world.
This is just another example of overconsumption by a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emission trail of billionaires is thousands of times larger than the trace of the average inhabitant of the planet.
While one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, the largest polluter on the planet, Roman Abramovich, is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases that entered the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two-thirds of the emission trail came to his yacht Eclipse with a length of 162.5 meters.
Even if the owner is not on board the yacht, the crew continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the command to bring the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean Sea to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners do not arouse the sympathy of other people when they, like Australia's richest woman, Gina Reinhard, who owns mines on the continent, complain via YouTube that there is no berth places.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for ships less than 50 meters away.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol leading to the development of bowel cancer has been determined
American scientists have determined how much alcoholic beverages per week increases the risk of developing cancer.
The Daily Express writes about this.
Experts came to the conclusion that drinking four or more servings of alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of developing oncology.
At the same time, the likelihood of developing the disease increases with an increase in the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, moderately drinkers have a higher risk of bowel cancer than women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact reason for the development of this type of oncology, noting only that certain factors lead to a process harmful to the body.
Thanks to the author for the decent material and photo.
Sergey, I don't see anything wrong with selfishness and pride.
Just like you do not see selfishness and pride in a man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to shoulder her costs and responsibilities, and enjoy the title of father at a safe distance.
Why do they work for the Ministry, they belong in the circus.
I understand that everything was supposed to be on a royal scale, but the model is very hypertrophied.
It's hard to imagine how poor Diana was stuffed into a carriage, and in general any movement.
I was 12 years old and I remember watching the ceremony on TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful puffy dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at this dress, I changed my mind about being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old
Many, or rather all dog lovers, believe that these creatures are very smart.
But even they have no idea how developed four-legged pets are actually.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out for sure how intelligence is developed in animals.
Although the dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as human vocabulary, a new study proves that the dog can respond consistently to 89 words or phrases.
The works of scientists were published in the publication Sciencealert.
Dogs cannot play chess or compose poetry, do not understand anything about politics, economics and art, while they often manage to fool their owners.
Representatives of some breeds, experts say, show better results in understanding the words of human language, but statistical data for accurate conclusions are not yet enough.
For example, some breeds are traditionally considered dog geniuses - for example, Labradors.
Scientists came to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and in terms of learning ability are not inferior to a two-year-old child.
Dreamline Dream Massage TFK mattress 80x200.
The mattress is on an independent spring block TFK with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent TFK unit.
This is a reliable modern design of 512 independent springs per bed.
Each spring is in a separate bag and has no effect on neighboring ones.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person takes on a natural shape during sleep.
Springs for strength are insulated from upper layers by thermal felt.
On top of the felt there are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and excellent properties.
One side is supplemented with a thin layer of natural seven-zone latex.
This natural filler has 7 comfort zones, contributes to the perception of a person's weight, and has a light massage effect.
The Antistress cover is made of velor quilted on 250 g of hallcon per square meter.
It is pleasant to the touch and appearance, has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a vivid example is the deep-sea angler Taumaticht Axel.
Some of its victims are so great that they cause the death of the angler.
He simply cannot swallow them, and his teeth prevent him from spitting too much prey back into the water.
If you do not care about the fate of your four properties, why did you decide that someone is interested in your properties and will take care of them?
Today, the law gives you the opportunity to manage your property.
Manage it yourself if you don't like the way others do it.
Ukraine has prepared for bargaining between the United States and Russia
The US and Russia will “bargain” over Ukraine's entry into NATO, said analyst Alexander Kochetkov in his article for the publication “Glavred”.
In his opinion, Washington and Moscow in the near future plan to continue negotiations on guarantees of the United States that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries to “join anywhere.”
If you are offered something obviously unacceptable, for example, to sell a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not bargain, but simply send the offeror.
And bargaining is planned in relation to Ukraine,” the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks dialogue with Kiev.
“The training is carried out secretly, quickly and immediately move to offensive actions, and do not wait for the group to be discovered and deployed by counteraction forces,” he said.
China stimulates the development of the railway transport industry
Advanced Chinese technologies have attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the 2021 China International Rail Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Exhibition, held in Zhuzhou City, Hunan Province/Central China/.
The main technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd., allow trains to automatically identify and diagnose technical malfunctions, said the representative of the company Hou Zhaowen.
High-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway line, which was put into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will provide increased reliability and rolling stock operability.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased its exports of rail vehicles, and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing “China's speed”.
In May this year, the first double-decker high-speed electric trains developed in China for export to Europe left the production line of CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, a trial operation of the metro train developed by the aforementioned company for Turkey began.
The train will run along the metro line connecting the center of Istanbul with the airport of the city.
Traffic on this metro line will be opened next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey at a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
“China's rail transport equipment manufacturing industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness,” said Feng Yaoxian, Head of the Trade and Investment Department of the China Committee for the Promotion of International Trade Development (CCSMTC).
“This industry is the main competitive advantage of Chinese production of high-quality equipment in the world market,” Feng Yaoxian said.
After more than 60 years of hard work, through a series of independent research and development, China has established an advanced railway equipment production system, with a full range of aids and large - scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoxian, the country ranks first in terms of electrification of railways and operational mileage on high-speed and urban railways.
The biologist listed the early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheykin in an interview with Sputnik radio listed early signs of dementia.
According to him, signs of future dementia may be forgetfulness, as well as a number of moderate cognitive impairment, such as inability to concentrate, plan, and a decrease in the level of abstract mindset.
There is currently a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence, said the specialist.
Golosheykin stressed that the causes of dementia can be neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and cerebral atherosclerosis are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that today doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
According to him, learning foreign languages and active communication will help reduce the risk of developing dementia.
WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly training cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking
“There are recommendations for the use of various dietary supplements, but their effectiveness and expediency are still discussed in the scientific community,” Golosheykin said.
“The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking”, Golosheykin said.
Earlier, a charity for the study of dementia in the UK said that the disease is increasingly affecting people aged 40 years and over.
Doctors called early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first warning sign can be considered vision problems, which make it difficult for the patient to recognize objects.
Another sign of developing dementia, experts called aphasia - a condition when a person can not find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
Neurologist demanded to send Saakashvili for treatment abroad
Former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili needs psychonergic treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze, who is a member of the consultation of doctors created under the Ombudsman, told reporters Georgia.
His [Saakashvili] neurological status is leading in his disease.
Stable problems are problems with movement, coordination, character variability,” the expert said, noting that this does not go beyond the regulatory framework and now the ex-president is necessary send for special rehabilitation.
“We call this neurorehabilitation and psychoneurological rehabilitation, the possibility of which we did not find in Georgia,” Toidze said, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution, which in There is no Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began to sabotage medical care after he was disciplined by prison officers.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to abolish the punishment and restore his former rights.
Alexandra, “Do you take money for this as well?” - I wonder where such people come from...
Is it normal to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we eat prana?
There's another side to the coin.
After all, these people are parasites on the body of society.
They do not work, do not pay taxes, and live on benefits and at the expense of their relatives.
At the same time, they receive full medical care.
How many mouths can a worker feed?
We feed all drunks, drug addicts who also lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we are surprised at the extension of the retirement age.
These amounts could be spent on the treatment of really sick people.
Of course, the red flag of Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and should not be confused with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it will never be able to be a state flag again.
It's time for the author to quit provocative articles, it's time to calm down in red and start living a normal life, not the past.
Protests against COVID passports took place in Spain
Protests against the mandatory certificate of vaccination against COVID-19 took place in the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, Europa Press reported.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action amounted to approximately 3 thousand people.
In Barcelona, COVID passports have become mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and nightlife venues.
Many demonstrators came to the rally without masks.
With slogans on their posters, they accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respect for the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination passports will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
Protesters in the city announced a medical dictatorship, and called vaccination an experiment.
Since the beginning of the pandemic, Spain has detected more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection, and more than 88,000 patients have died.
Russia also plans to introduce restrictions for unvaccinated people.
The government submitted draft laws on a unified system of QR codes to the State Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to visit venues of mass events, cultural institutions, catering and retail facilities with the presentation of either a vaccination certificate or a previous illness, or a medical doctor from vaccination.
The same rules will be established for travel by train and plane.
Roaster Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast with glass lid.
Cast roaster with non-stick coating Anthracite TM Tradition.
The dishes are designed for daily use at home.
The exceptional strength and durability of the non-stick coating, which is equivalent in resistance to natural stone, is designed specifically for intensive use for every day.
Thick-walled cast body.
The latest generation five-layer non-stick coating system.
Premium coating reinforced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection against burning.
It has good non-stick properties for easy and pleasant preparation of healthy meals without oil and fat.
At least 4000 thousand cooking cycles, subject to the operating rules.
Suitable for all types of cookers, except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each product is 4 years (subject to the operating rules, 4 years for the body and 1 year for the non-stick coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Pots and roasters can be used in an oven without a glass lid.
Ease of washing.
Logically, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and rarely ill (once or twice a year with ARVI), then his immunity is normal.
In fact, doctors do not recommend immunomodulators for prevention in principle.
Immunity is supported by a healthy diet and a regimen plus sports.
Based on this, vaccination against influenza and this covid is meaningless.
Anti-aerosol filter 3M 5925.
FFP2 protection degree, 2 pcs
Article No. 713946.
FFP2 brand replacement filter for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Provides protection of the user's respiratory tract from various substances in the air.
It creates a reliable barrier to infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions when the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used to protect against bacteria/viruses together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The FFP2 protection class has a maximum permissible concentration of more than 0.05 mg/m3, with a maximum pollutant concentration of 12 x MPC.
Respirators of this protection class are able to retain at least 94% of harmful substances.
Prefilters are attached to gas masks using a 3M 501 holder.
Features: low breathing resistance.
Does not make it difficult to review.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half masks, as well as 3M full face masks.
Compatibility with other PPE required in difficult working conditions is ensured.
The rammed eyes of the “constitutional monarch”, judging by the network, bothered not only me.
And this family PR is kids, father...
Revva seemed like nothing to me.
I only knew that the Hare was harassed - Batrukh and Batrukha.
Well, I found out, said it once, and be silent, let a friend prove himself, that's what you fought for.
Steep climb: how the Chinese become skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create international resorts in the country
China hopes that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to winter sports, which will collect 1 trillion yuan designated by President Xi Jinping, but will also contribute economic development in backward remote provinces.
The Taiwu ski resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the site of the Winter Olympics, is becoming increasingly popular with the Chinese.
In addition to the construction of infrastructure, landscaping is also being carried out in the region: workers plant trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
In many regions of China where resorts are located, including Zhangjiakou, there are problems with snow.
The main task for the long term is to provide a comfortable and interesting vacation at Chinese resorts so that all newcomers become regulars.
However, this is still far away.
Justin Downs, adviser on the organization of the Games, says that since his last visit in 2007, the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition.
Every year in winter, more and more Chinese go to the slopes.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
Despite the major changes, it will take many more years to create a ski culture here, says Downs.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions have yet to be actively developed and the infrastructure necessary for recreation there be created.
Gao Makong, 70, lives in Chunli, near the venues of the Winter Olympics.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism here.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chunli, now none of the locals suffer without work.
More and more shops selling clothes and equipment for winter sports are opening in the country.
Catering points with dishes of national cuisine are opened on the slopes.
Taiva now even has a COVID-19 testing station.
China strives to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes must become the leaders of major international competitions, and its resorts and equipment must reach the world level.
More than 500 million people in the world may face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, says WHO
More than 500 million people in the world could be plunged into extreme poverty due to the coronavirus pandemic, which has slowed down human progress in universal access to health services, said the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB).
On the occasion of the International Day for Universal Health Coverage on December 12, WHO and WB published two complementary reports.
In them, they stated that the pandemic has led to disruptions in the provision of medical services and caused excessive tension in health protection systems.
In this regard, for the first time in 10 years, immunization coverage has decreased, and mortality from tuberculosis and malaria has increased.
The WHO and the World Bank stressed that the pandemic caused “the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, so it became more difficult for people to pay for treatment.”
This situation pushes more than 500 million people “into extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services out of pocket.”
In October, UN Secretary General António Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic has plunged more than 100 million people into poverty, more than four billion people have practically no social support.
Makita KP0810 planer
Makita official dealer.
The powerful motor is ideal for folding.
Light weight and perfect balance.
Use both standard and double-sided mini blades.
Easy quick blade installation system.
New ergonomic design of the body, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the effect of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped chamfering slots of various sizes.
Choice of sawdust removal system: left or right.
Wife, this is the meat of the machine.
It's terrible.
They were already fed up with bats with pangolins, they took up jellyfish.
Oh, how many wonderful discoveries moles, mantis, lemmings can prepare for us.
Reuters: Taiwanese minister cut off from broadcasting at Summit for Democracy at the request of the White House
The speech of Taiwan's Minister of Digital Technology Audrey Tan at a panel discussion during the US-organized Summit for Democracy was transferred to a non-video mode, according to a recording of the summit on YouTube.
Reuters, citing sources, claims that the picture was turned off at the request of the White House.
According to them, the reason was a map on which Taiwan was highlighted in a separate color from China, which considers the island its territory.
The map shown by Ms. Tan was compiled by the South African non-governmental organization CIVICUS and ranked countries in the world according to the degree of civil rights.
Taiwan was highlighted green as “free”, and China, North Korea, Laos and Vietnam - red, as “closed”.
After the minister showed the map, the picture on her part was replaced with a screenshot noting that the opinions of the participants in the discussion “do not necessarily express the position of the US government.”
China was not invited to the Summit for Democracy.
Reuters sources note that the map shown by the Taiwanese minister could run counter to the policy of “one China”, which adheres to Washington.
One of the agency's sources said that after the map was shown, the US National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The Summit for Democracy, organized by Washington, was held from 9 to 10 December with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the “zero day” of the summit, Nobel Peace Prize laureate and editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta Dmitry Muratov called for the creation of an international fund through which money obtained through corruption were donated to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation Yuri Averyanov said that the summit carried an “anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge”.
They serve you information like they're cooking, and there's rotten meat everywhere, actually the butcher has the meat to the last bite.
The classic of journalism is to create news out of nothing.
They do not boil meat, but horns and hooves, obtaining a substance like glue.
The finished product looks like a yellow translucent strip almost odorless and hard as plastic, used as natural gelatin.
In general, harmful substances from garbage processing are no less than from its decomposition.
But this saves companies a lot of money.
Therefore, a fairy tale about ecology was invented for suckers who will also work on garbage collection for free for the idea.
Personally, my contribution to the environment is the refusal to purchase unnecessary things and use things for a long time.
If I go beyond the limits, I don't throw it away, but give it to charity.
Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016 football shorts, white/black (XL).
Description: football shorts are perfect for playing football and playing sports.
The shorts have a straight, comfortable cut.
The wide waistband combined with an adjustable drawstring ensures a comfortable fit.
The fabric is characterized by high strength, durability, lightness and good breathability, meeting the requirements of the game at any level.
The brand's updated logo is on the left side.
The shorts are packed in a convenient reusable bag with a flap closure.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide belt with drawstring, strong durable fabric, good breathability.
Specs.
Crawl into specialties that allow you to work via the Internet.
Many of us get out of working for their uncle, but abroad.
But due to the difference in currencies, it is beneficial for us.
We are poor compared to other countries.
Of course, you will have to learn various garbage, but... working on the network allows you not to depend on the domestic labor market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And the ones that create, you won't make much money on them.
Table set “Egoist Unity” with gilding (4 pieces).
The Royal Childhood collection is one of the widest and most famous collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and pacifiers, sippy cups and mugs.
All children's silver appliances are subject to strict quality control.
Ecological silver produced directly at the factory, careful hand polishing with cotton rollers make the products absolutely safe for the child.
Thanks to the disinfectant function of silver, regular use of silver appliances can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some of the typical childhood illnesses.
The factory's specialists received a grant for the use of a complex but very beautiful guilloche technique used by the famous Carl Faberge.
This made it possible to create surprisingly bright and three-dimensional images on the products.
The collection is full of cute characters that will become true friends for the child.
Inka Belochka, everything will be fine.
There's a second lung.
The lung tissue regenerates well, if not everything is removed, the remaining proportion will grow.
If it is a pulmonectomy, the second lung will become larger over time and will function for two.
Try to breathe deeply yourself, fathers are stronger than daughters, they do not really like tears.
Don't mourn ahead of time.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
The New Shepard spacecraft of Blue Origin with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, broadcast on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended to Earth, reports TASS.
The launch vehicle was launched from a cosmodrome near the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to an altitude of just over 100 km, space tourists were in a state of weightlessness.
The launch vehicle itself landed normally at the site of the cosmodrome.
On July 20, Blue Origin successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard ship with passengers on board.
SKETCHES OF A VILLAGE MUSCOVITE.
You don't need to go in one heap - there are bad people, you may have complaints about them on a specific occasion...
but what does the number of children, age, pension fund and so on have to do with it?
Write that they are “bastards, did not return the money”.
But how many and when they have children is not your business until they are going to hang these children around your neck.
And since this is out of the question, what right do you have to condemn them?
Probably, this is only so in education...
Chosen (by themselves) parents dictate their own rules, frankly not giving a damn about existing ones.
What if this also applies to other areas of life, legal proceedings, etc.?
There are no laws written for them.
And what if dad still introduces his own methodology of upbringing and education?
Some kind of horror and an example for others is very bad.
Embroidery kit “Feathered Stars” DESIGN WORKS 2719.
Set composition: Aida canvas 14 ct dark blue, floss, sequins, sequins, needle, diagram, instruction.
The production of Design Works dates back to 1987 and is still popular around the world today.
Many motifs are worked out by such a famous designer as Ronald West.
Design Works cross stitch kits are equipped with high-quality Aida canvas, 100% cotton floss and tapestry needle No. 24.
Also in the assortment you will find embroidery kits on plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, tracks and tablecloths and much more.
China strengthens the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land checkpoints are located
The joint mechanism for prevention and control of the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular prescribing to strengthen the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land points are located passes, in order to further prevent the importation of infection from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must provide a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test obtained within 48 hours before departure.
Those traveling to cities where land checkpoints are located must take at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be in effect from the day when the relevant provincial administrative units determine and publish the zones of these cities, until March 15 2022 year.
In addition, it is noted that cities in which land checkpoints are located and which meet certain conditions may consider the possibility of creating buffer zones for the prevention and control the COVID-19 epidemic within its jurisdiction.
Taisiya Sokolova, as usual, is drawn to Russian women to the Eastern ethnic group based on Indian films, which were played in cinemas only in Russia.
In the West, no one watched this nonsense with the natives.
And how many such cities and villages have been forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140х195, article: 5110704.
The composition of the RelaxFoam mattress layers 2 cm: aloe latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
Cover - Splendid jersey.
The knitted fabric made of cotton has a special design.
The base is braided with special synthetic threads, which provide special strength and softness of the material.
The honeycomb structure of the weave supports natural thermoregulation and moisture removal during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/sq. m.
Dimax OK Basis mattress, size 130x185.
OK Basis spring orthopedic mattress is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The practical Balance Foam filler gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time leaves the price at the budget level.
This product is an optimal combination of price and quality.
Balance foam is a modern material that is obtained from polyurethane foam.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
That is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much more stringent than Russian ones.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedics: the material supports the correct position of a person throughout sleep.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has acquired a stiffness below average, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be quite soft.
The main bearing unit in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for the content of independent springs, 256 elements per square meter are located here at once.
The practical unit can withstand a weight of up to 100 kg per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, strengthening the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
The manufacturer provides an opportunity to choose between a spring block with a height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final cost.
Be sure to specify your preferences when ordering to the store operator.
The mattress comes in a knitted cover, together with it the model's height is 21 cm.
The cover is not removable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Wall lamp Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Perfect for rooms such as the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting fixture is supplied in gold color.
The luminaire uses lamps with an E14 socket.
The total power makes it possible to illuminate approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this lamp for rooms decorated in the style of “Classic”.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs spoke about the “sad conclusion” in relations between Russia and the United States
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov in an interview with Izvestia assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long path of interaction led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not begin yesterday.
There is one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of some prospect of improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion after a long journey that we have come with the current administration, Trump, and Obama.
The problems did not begin yesterday,” the diplomat said.
According to Ryabkov, the problems are related to the desire of the United States to impose approaches on Russia on a variety of issues.
The Deputy Foreign Minister added that he would not risk giving optimistic forecasts about the prospects for improving relations and would not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that with the exception of such areas as strategic stability and cybersecurity, progress is not observed.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach to international security issues and hopes that the signals will be heard and the Americans will listen to arguments of common sense.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov at a meeting with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said that Moscow is ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
Virologist warned about the danger of vaccination with a nasal drug against COVID outside hospitals
Those vaccinated with the nasal vaccine against COVID-19 may have allergies and need medical help, so the first points for vaccination with this drug should not be organized at airports and shopping centers.
This was reported to TASS by Sergey Netesov, virologist, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virology at Novosibirsk State University.
It is easier to organize nasal vaccine vaccination points at airports and shopping centers, but I would do this at first only in medical institutions.
The fact is that there is a probability of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is low, but it is desirable that a person then sit next to the doctor's office.
Doctors have special sets of antiallergic drugs that work in just a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary,” Netesov said.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping centers when experience in using the drug is accumulated.
He also stressed that when using a nasal vaccine, it is important that it gets on the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
At the same time, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the vaccinated person with nasal congestion blows his nose after injection.
Painting by numbers on canvas, anime Demon Slayer 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring by numbers is interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many people like to draw, but sometimes they lack abilities or skills.
This simple but very exciting activity allows you to relax, realize your creativity and create masterpieces with your own hands.
There are a lot of unusual paintings and “unhackneyed” stories in the assortment!
We develop relevant stories on our own and try to make you happy with the result!
It's very simple!
When painting, the contours applied to the canvas will not “float”, they do not dissolve with water.
Each segment is numbered so as not to get lost in colors.
The finished picture will become a bright element of the environment, the highlight of the interior, attracting attention at first sight.
But this picture was not painted by some artist.
You drew it yourself.
With your own hands!
Serbia produced 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian vaccine “Sputnik V”, told TASS Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of the country Nenad Popovich.
“The Torlak State Institute has so far produced about 2 million doses of the Sputnik V vaccine, and we expect that at least 4 million of them will be produced in the coming period,” Popovich stated.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among the Serbs.
In this regard, the republic plans to purchase an additional million doses of the vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production of the Sputnik V nasal vaccine and Sputnik Light on the territory of the state.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that the Russian Federation has supplied Serbia with almost two million doses of the domestic vaccine against coronavirus infection Sputnik V.
The Lama is said to be true believers make up the church.
Whether these true believers exist or not, we cannot know.
Each of us would like to be such a true believer, and everyone tries to be one.
But no one should talk about themselves or about those who believe as much as he does that they are true believers.
Because if they can say to themselves that they are true believers, then others can say exactly the same.
Benartti Prime Orto S1000 mattress 145x190.
Prime Orto S1000 mattress with different sides of stiffness, total mattress height 22 cm.
The maximum permissible load per bed is up to 150 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block “S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows the springs to properly distribute the body load.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt has been added, separating the mattress and spring fillers.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 3 cm high, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress, a layer of 3 cm coconut coir and 1 cm natural latex is added.
Natural latex has an anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The mattress cover is made of cotton jacquard quilted on environmentally friendly Hollcon material.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress along the perimeter is additionally reinforced with a frame made of artificial latex, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., Please remind me what style was the marathon at the 2021 World Cup?
Do you see the ski track on which the participants of the race should finish in the classic style?
Attention, the question is what Klebo does to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get on the ski track if he was behind at the turn in front of the target?
And the “best finisher” at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It was long ago...
I was, and in fact I wasn't, a driver either.
I had a license, but I didn't know how to drive.
They offered to drive 250 km one way on MAZ!
Young, bad, agreed.
The owner is nearby, drinking vodka, I'm going.
At first, like a king, he took the axis!
A column lined up behind me.
I missed it.
Then the belt on the GUR broke.
Then the traffic cops stopped us.
The column was organized, and their car broke down.
We need to tow it.
The owner of MAZ explained that he was drunk, drove inexperienced.
And how drunk are you for him?
You don't stumble, you don't fall.
Ahead of us with flashing lights and go!
I don't think it gets out of the advertisement to grieve.
Pevtsov about the same thing: about the return of retirement age.
For a long time, all budgets have been drawn up taking into account the billions lost by pre-pensioners.
Who tells them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1239 cases of omicron strain of coronavirus were recorded in the past day
Over the past day, 1239 cases of infection with a new omicron strain of coronavirus have been detected in the UK.
This is reported by Sky News.
In particular, 1196 new cases of the strain “omicron” were recorded in England, 38 people fell ill with a new type of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of COVID-19 cases from the new strain in the UK has reached 3,137 people.
Earlier, scientists from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine in a pessimistic forecast calculated that 75 thousand could die in England by April due to the outbreak of coronavirus caused by the omicron strain. man.
Peskov warned about the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Press Secretary of the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in case of continuation of “aggressive actions” against Ukraine, including because of the alleged” invasion” into the territory of the country.
“It is impossible to impose any restrictions against Russia and not suffer yourself,” the official representative of the Kremlin said on the air of the Rossiya 1 TV channel.
Peskov argues that this “understands everyone in the world”.
Earlier it was reported that the United States is considering the possibility of introducing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as an extreme measure.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to impose restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars in relation to Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, Sberbank CEO German Gref is sure that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - accordingly adequate comments!
Something from these simple to nauseam recipes is already nauseous.
Apparently, the ideas are over.
Even in the distant days of childhood, my mother baked delicious pies and cakes, and it did not occur to me to compare a piece of bread smeared with jam to a cake.
Ksenia, you don't need to convey anything to my mind, my mind must figure it out for itself!
“The inability of the mind separated from the Spirit to perceive” - What are you talking about?!
Imagine that you need to explain this on your fingers to an unthinking child, how will you do it?!
(Please note that a child under 3-5 years of age still has open channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you!)
Residents of New Caledonia rejected the idea of independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, an overwhelming majority of participants refused to secede from France.
This was reported on December 12 by the French TV channel BFM.TV.
96.5% of voters voted against independence.
3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific supported independence from France.
The results were canceled by 2.99% of the ballots.
The level of participation in voting on that day was very low: about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polling stations.
According to experts, the low turnout is explained by calls by separatists to refuse to participate in the referendum due to the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the referendum date.
In October 2020, residents of New Caledonia voted in a referendum against independence from France.
In 2018, a referendum on independence has already been held in the region.
Most residents supported the presence of the archipelago within France.
New Caledonia is located almost 20 thousand kilometers from mainland France.
In 1853, France declared New Caledonia its possession.
About 270,000 people live on the archipelago, and the territory has a special administrative-territorial status.
There is a 1998 agreement between Paris and the administration of New Caledonia, under which the region can vote on its independence twice, two years apart.
Boris, if you don't know the story, don't write it.
The name of the city of Arsk comes from the Bulgar-Tatar word “artysh” (juniper).
Udmurts (macaw in Tatar) live in the northern districts of Baltasinsky and Kukmorsky districts.
The Udmurts are wonderful, hard-working people, they have preserved their language, live in friendship with the Tatars, and know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that the Motherland will not leave you.
Fools screaming “cheerful slogans” will throw.
I'm telling you this with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't spit in the well, maybe you'll have to drink some water!
WHO tentatively considers “omicron” less dangerous than “delta”
The World Health Organization (WHO) tentatively believes that omicron is less dangerous than the delta strain of coronavirus.
At the same time, there is evidence of a decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines in case of a new variant of COVID-19.
As of December 9, omicron is registered in 63 countries.
“Preliminary data and a significantly changed antigenic profile of the protein of the omicron strain suggest a decrease in the effectiveness of the vaccine against infection and transmission of the variant.
According to preliminary conclusions from South Africa, it is assumed that it (“the severity of the disease” - ed.) may be less severe than with the “delta”, - said in a technical message WHO.
The organization notes that so far all registered cases of infection with “omicron” in the EU are easy or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain, according to preliminary data, spreads faster than the “delta”.
In Russia, two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been registered.
They “were previously immunized”, reported the Gamaleya Center.
The head of Rospotrebnadzor Anna Popova said that so far there is no reliable data that the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the rest.
In fact, the lack of sun for us southern people is very critical.
During the 10 days we spent in St. Petersburg one November, we saw the sun for the first time when our plane flying back took off above the clouds.
Then I just realized what I was missing all the time in beautiful St. Petersburg.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To experience what I did not know for a long time - to drink space with your eyes, mouth and skin!
Whoever sees only water in the ocean
He does not notice the mountains on earth.
Your World of Adventure +7 905 989 9172 What's App
Siberian Expeditions - we can spoil even the worst mood for you!
Svetlana S., no, there is no such thing - they do not succumb.
If your loved one, with whom you are going to live all your life, does not succumb to your requests, then he is a parasite who does not want to give in return as much as he takes.
And the problem with women is that they are slowly, slowly taking care of everything themselves.
And who is to blame if you grabbed the horn yourself?
In Ukraine, four scenarios for Zelensky were named
Former Verkhovna Rada deputy Vadim Denisenko listed four scenarios for the development of events for President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may be left without the support of the West, and may also make compromises on Donbass.
Denisenko said this on Sunday, December 12, in a publication on the Glavred portal.
The first option, which Denisenko called “an ideal storm”, assumes that Ukraine will cease to be supported by key Western countries, having reached an agreement on the future of the country without its participation.
This development of events will contribute to the deep crisis that Kiev may face in 2023.
“At the same time, there is a decrease in prices for key goods that we traditionally export <... > internal protests and confrontation between the authorities and key FIGs (financial and industrial groups - Ed.)” , - the ex-parliamentarian added.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario for the development of the situation - “war against all”.
This forecast will come true in case of high turbulence in world politics, in which the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Because of this state of affairs, the leadership of Ukraine may make compromises on Donbass, as a result of which confrontation within the country is possible.
At the end of summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, the probability of such a situation, according to the former people's deputy, is up to 50-55%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is a confrontation between groups of the population who disagree with Zelensky and the president, which is why it is likely to seize control over the power bloc and implement it” populist initiatives”.
During this version of the crisis, Zelensky will begin to “reformat the authorities,” Denisenko added.
Another scenario is the transformation of Zelensky into the “father of the nation”.
This can be caused by an event that will be a strong shock for society.
“The event should be large-scale enough to provoke a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine,” Denisenko said.
This scenario is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a man-made catastrophe or aggressive actions of Russia, the ex-deputy believes.
At the same time, the Russian side has repeatedly rejected any likelihood of an “attack” on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that are increasing military activity near the Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, a survey of the sociological group “Rating” showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to record lows, amounting to 19.3%.
This is the lowest figure since his election as head of state.
Analysts predicted a situation in which, in the event of the next presidential elections in Ukraine, only 21.8% would vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% would vote for former President Petro Poroshenko.
At the same time, only 19.3% of all respondents expressed support for the President.
KAISER Sena Shower System (74182)
KAISER Sena shower system (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in work, which is also confirmed by numerous customer reviews on third-party Internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also receive a guarantee from us for the quality and performance of the goods.
We deliver by transport companies throughout Russia and to any region.
If you find any defects, we will refund the full amount you paid without any problems.
When you call the operator, you will be able to get a personal discount on this product.
When buying, please leave feedback on the use.
Thanks to the author for the story about the great athlete, I did not know that Elena Shushunova died, and it is very sad to find out this.
I remember rooting for her at the Olympics in Seoul, for us, residents of Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, in real time.
Such intensity of passions, emotions went off scale, I remember the joy when Elena won.
We were also happy with the rest of the victories, as we rooted for Salnikov, for the players, for all Soviet athletes at that time.
I once saw a documentary on TV about a Central American country, where watermelons were rolled up the ramp aboard the ship like barrels.
The watermelons were monstrous in size.
I myself worked many times in my youth harvesting and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and have not seen watermelons weighing more than a pound.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from melons and not earlier than the beginning of August.
Balconette bra with soft lace cups (size: 90E, color beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, article: 12008).
Balconette bra with soft lace cups, underwired.
The lower part of the cup is reinforced with an inelastic transparent cloth.
The side inner part of the cup, in the area of sewing the strap, is reinforced with an inelastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of lace can be appreciated thanks to the scallop along the neckline and under the bust.
Vertical underwire on the side panels made of single-layer microfiber prevents the fabric from curling on large sizes.
I really did not like the article, it's evil, poisonous.
We went through people you don't know anything about.
But now many people like it, to decompose people into atoms.
I hope that the commentators have everything in the way with honor and decency and they are experts in everything.
In Moscow, in the evening, you will think 100 times whether to go alone to the store, migrants are everywhere, their crowds.
They consider themselves masters.
Are you serious about child benefits and pensions?
Benefits are penny and pay them up to a maximum of 3 years, pensions 12,000, someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetics have long been paid and very expensive.
People are like they're from another planet.
It's bad in France, but we're great?
Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact texture, comfortable elasticity and rigidity, wear resistance and durability properties.
The Beautison brand product from the Sens series is designed for healthy sleep of people suffering from diseases of the joints and vascular system.
The design ensures an even distribution of the load over the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The basis of the Beautison Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress is an independent spring unit S600 mini with a reduced spring height.
Beautyson uses spunbond, coconut coir and polyurethane foam as internal fillers.
Spunbond serves as an intermediate insulating layer between soft materials and springs.
Orthopedic foam with carbon impregnation is decorated on the surface with a figured cutting, which provides a micromassage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high moisture exchange and breathability characteristics.
The outer mattress cover is made of thick jacquard with synthetic fibers.
The material is strong and durable, does not wear off and does not require complicated maintenance.
The poet arrested for the rally on Red Square: “For a quote from Yevtushenko, they give 10 days, here it is, the power of poetry!”
Earlier this week, 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was arrested for ten days.
A HSE student was detained on Red Square with a poster on which the hashtag #поэтвроссиибольшечемпоэт was written.
This quote belongs to the writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up against Aliaksandr under an administrative article on repeated violation of the procedure for holding a public rally.
The first time he was detained on January 23 on Pushkinskaya Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
“The goal was to draw attention to poetry in general, now interest in it, unfortunately, has been lost, to the decline of common culture in Russia and also a little hope to inspire unknown poets to write on the Internet your poems under this hashtag,” explains Alexander.
We contacted the young poet to find out the circumstances of the detention and reveal the message of his message in more detail.
How did police officers treat you during the arrest this time and before?
What did the department ask, how did they comment on your action?
This time, the employees were more correct, the detention was as polite as possible, no matter how ridiculous it may sound in some context of this word.
Riot policemen took Pushkinskaya and took it hard.
They asked in a standard way, about the motives.
When we heard, in principle, we looked, if not approvingly, then understanding.
Except for the monkey blown on all 4 sides, everything was very correct, but I knew what I was going for.
And if at least a few people start writing their poems under this hashtag after the action, I will not spend these 10 days in vain.
Maxim, according to the protocol, speak alone at least in the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
And at public and official events, they speak the language of others so that everyone understands what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through an interpreter.
This is a protocol and nothing else, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks Russian very well and nevertheless resorts to the help of an interpreter.
And at official events, a transcript is written in the old fashioned way with a fountain pen, and the stenographer does not have to know several languages.
If you don't want a lot of words, say no!
It's so much water.
Well, go as a tourist for six months “to the Andes, then to Nepal”.
Before that, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And sell off these shares little by little by opening an account with any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but a currency that is less dependent on the US, such as Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
But that's not what keeps Americans in the US.
Keeps them confident that the US is better than anywhere else.
That's how they're grown.
Hansgrohe Quattro mechanism for three outputs (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: flush-mounted mechanism; purpose: for mixer, bath, shower; built-in systems: yes; mounting type: recessed (in wall); body material: brass; concealed mechanism mounting: included; number of mounting holes: 1; brand country of origin: Germany; manufacturer code: 15930180; barcode: 4011097345239.
Additional information: pressure regulator required; scope of delivery: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; it is possible to switch on 2 consumers (showers) at the same time; suitable for of all Quattro exterior kits; water consumption: 65 l/min
Researchers told how potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and trace elements that help improve blood circulation and lower cholesterol levels.
The root crop contains B vitamins, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
All these elements help the body's systems function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Due to its high fiber content, it is beneficial for the gastrointestinal tract, and if used regularly, it can also help prevent hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, it is better to stew or cook the root crop, rather than fry in oil.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes can be dangerous for diabetics, like other foods with a high glycemic index.
These are carbohydrate-rich foods that break down quickly into sugars, such as sugar, sugary soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the Kommersant newspaper warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a reduction in their production in personal subsidiary plots and an increase in processing capacities.
According to market participants, only imports will be able to replace the shortage of products at the moment.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from Yandex search results
Candidates for departure
In 2015, copyright holders from the RAEK/Media cluster compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate sites on the Russian Internet and most of them ceased to exist, says the general director of the Research Institute Karen Ghazaryan.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive due, among other things, to the regular change of domain name, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series Squid Game and Tenderness directed by Anna Melikyan - original series of ivi, the largest video service in Russia (part of the AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in search engine results, you can watch the animated novelty “Encanto”, but judging by the quality of the video, it is the so-called screen (a pirated copy of the film shot in the cinema).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the Univer. 10 Years Later series is available on TNT TV channel (part of Gazprom-Media).
Svetlana M., excuse me, of course, but I would not care if my son is offended for his mother or not.
If we have any misunderstanding, it is better not to meet the estimate at all, the estimate is on its way.
It is good, of course, that this rarely happens.
Coffee bra with soft cups without frames and front closure coffee 135I GI1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced from the inside with crossed elastic bands made of cotton and lycra.
The bra is made of microfiber combined with a mesh fabric for breathability.
Dubbed cups made of cotton fabric for a comfortable fit.
Magiclift's unique design (supporting inserts that cross under the bust and along the neckline) for lifting, separating and supporting the breasts.
Wide, comfortable micropile lined straps are adjustable at the back.
Lyudmila, China now has advanced space technology.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
“This idea developed by the Poles” - it would be more accurate to say that Poland only redesigned the idea of 1776 for itself, but developed it quite effectively.
Actually, the slogan “Outskirts are not Russia” appeared in 1848.
Which, by and large, does not change the essence much.
I watched her interview, and the girl said that the biggest dream is for her to grow wings, her dad constantly jerks her off.
Well, all this is very doubtful.
Well, I went to university, but what's next?
Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara wall lamp.
A wide circle framed by “molecules” of light provides the most uniform and bright illumination of the space.
The “atomic” or “molecular” design, which reflects the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose its relevance and allows you to favorably place accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is the weightlessness of the design.
Due to thin, almost invisible cables that are adjustable in height, it seems that the chandelier is floating in the air.
Gold metal fittings and matte white miniature shades will easily complement any palette, and the pendant chandelier and sconces presented in the collection will become a ready-made ensemble for lighting the living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, the taste and color, as they say.
I really liked Tarhun, not the current one, of course.
The juices were very tasty in bottling from tall glass cylinders.
Three servings of syrup is too much for my taste.
Two were just right.
Dimax Micro Ultimate mattress, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient because it has two surfaces of different softness — high rigidity and slightly more than average.
The product includes only high-quality and premium fillers that have proven themselves exclusively from the best side.
Springs: in the center of the model there is a block of independent springs “micro-package”.
This means that there are 2,000 spirals per bed that work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives a unique point adjustment.
Micropackage is the most high-frequency of the whole variety of Dimax spring blocks, so it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillers: combinations of coir and natural latex layers are installed above and below the springs.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface has latex, the other has coconut coir.
This tandem of fillers has long held the status of a classic, as it transmits not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties to the mattress.
If the coir provides proper support for the back, latex adapts the surface to the human body.
Case: The model comes in a quilted Aloe Vera knitted cover.
At the request of the client, it can be made both removable and stationary.
The total height of the product is 27 cm, the recommended load on the bed is 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: the warranty period is 3 years.
The mattress has received all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its complete safety and reliability in operation.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Estonian scientists will look for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in collaboration with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, said on Sunday “Actual Camera”.
The goal of the missions starting in five years is to assess the suitability for life of the clouds of Venus, and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists proposed tools for measuring the acidity and oxygen content in the clouds of Venus.
Until now, it was assumed that the clouds of Venus, the closest planet to Earth, were too acidic for life to exist there, but Venus was probably originally an Earth-type planet.
During the third mission, a sample from Venus should arrive.
Suppose that if we find life there, the main question is whether it is similar to earthly or different.
If it is very similar, it will be obvious that earthly life did not begin on Earth.
If it differs, it may be more likely that life originated on Earth,” said Mihkel Payusalu, head of the Estonian team of the Venus Life Finder project.
A hat, not a phone...
Six months for him, and the whole price...
I'm tired of this Chinese nonsense...
They can't make a high-quality phone...
At least take it, my Samsung has already experienced three of these (friends have already thrown them out) and will survive more!
Metaverses will change Russian business
The topic of metaverses became popular this fall, when Mark Zuckerberg announced the transformation of Facebook into Meta.
This event was an important signal for the market: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
This means that business in Russia, as well as around the world, will invest in the creation of its own metaverses and their subsequent monetization.
Metaverses should be considered as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, there is a trend towards creating remote interactions in the context of the pandemic, because people are tired of separation and restrictions.
On the other hand, this is a consequence of the desire of business to develop ecosystems and adapt operating models for them.
Thirdly, they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, when any rights, securities, works of art and even money are transferred to digital format.
Anya, you are right, changing your diet is a conscious process.
When you start eating right, you don't want something too fatty and harmful anymore.
Of course, we will have traditional Olivier and herring under a fur coat for the holiday, but no one makes me eat up everything at once.
You can eat a spoon, try it, and that's enough.
After all, there are really ten days off ahead, you can cook any delicious and healthy dishes.
And how much hellish work, time, money she needed in training.
And after completing 5 quarter jumps, she was left without gold.
And she also understands that she will not survive 4 years before the next Olympics, that is, she will never be an Olympic champion.
And anyone who did not just play sports or can not imagine all the circles of hell that it has gone through, DO NOT MEDDLE WITH CONDEMNATION.
The British economist could not give a forecast for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill could not give a forecast for 2022, as, in his opinion, such attempts will fail.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change turnover.
The coronavirus pandemic remains the most important factor, and inflation is in second place, he believes.
O'Neill also admitted that he does not know whether the increase in prices for goods is temporary or not.
According to the expert, even before the pandemic, it was clear that “the world of endless generosity of central banks has already become obsolete” and it is time to return to relations where interest rates, taking into account inflation, will correlate with the expected GDP growth rates.
O'Neill noted that against the background of the pandemic, the continuation of ultra-soft economic policy may, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as increasing poverty and climate change, O'Neill concluded.
Earlier, Mikhail Shulgin, head of the global research department at Otkritie Investments, said that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate for 2022 remain, while the growth potential will be less significant.
Among the risks for the dollar exchange rate, Shulgin named the Fed's monetary policy, the dynamics of oil prices and concerns against the background of the coronavirus pandemic.
I have to agree.
But one thing is pleasing: if we compare ourselves with ourselves, five years ago there were fewer containers.
It's better now.
There is progress, only sluggish.
There is also a problem: there are many environmental initiatives in cities, but people do not know about them.
All sorts of eco-taxis that take waste from home.
Yes, it is trite to receive recyclables - it is used by marginals.
Rarely does anyone bring glass and metal there.
Well, the author...
Sausages “with cat meat” at Soviet factories?
“Low” chocolate in the USSR?
Well, yes, they are not tasty enough compared to Doshirak, I understand...
And now I would turn Soviet candies with white filling.
There are no more of them.
They don't release “Pilot”, and “Romashka” is not the same at all...
EVA car mats (diamond) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
EVA car mats are made of high-quality Russian-made material.
The surface of the mats consists of cells in the form of rhombuses.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, the cell depth is 5-6 mm.
The mats do not absorb and do not allow moisture to pass through.
All dirt is evenly distributed over the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material from which the mats are made is elastic, wear-resistant, and has no odors.
It retains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 °C.
The mats are unpretentious in use and are suitable for year-round use.
EVA car mats cover the standard carpet as much as possible, covering the rest area for the left leg.
The back row tunnel is covered with a mat.
The edging is made of heavy-duty automobile sling.
Mattress Dimax Practik Basis Plus B13 180x220 cm
Dimax (Dimax) Practik Basis Plus b13 springless mattress consists of a single type of filler.
This is a 13 cm high artificial latex slab.
Due to the characteristics of the material, the mattress has a symmetrical average rigidity of the sides.
The product is covered with a jacquard cover with quilting on a comfortable layer, removable or non-removable type to choose from.
PU foam is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PUF) are characteristics similar to the natural analogue, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is elastic and elastic, but, unlike natural material, it has greater rigidity.
It forms the anatomical surface of the mattress with high-quality support, which ensures a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
A high-quality mattress that is not afraid of temperature changes.
Anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for arranging a bed in the country house or in a country house.
Its advantages also include universal medium hardness and a maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2 trillion 784 billion rubles on the purchase of new cars, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to statistics Russian Automotive Market Research agencies (NAPI).
To understand the scale, approximately the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
Last September, at a meeting of the heads of state of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, President Vladimir Putin said that this amount is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
In terms of revenues in the Russian market, the Korean brand Kia is the leader.
For 10 months of this year, he managed to sell cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than a year earlier.
The Hyundai brand, a related Kia, has an even more significant increase - more than 35%, and revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
This brand is also in the leading position in terms of increasing the weighted average price of the car - over the year Hyundai grew by almost 21%, to 1.94 million rubles - only Changan had stronger dynamics of the rise in price, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz.
At the same time, sales from Korean brands did not increase so significantly: according to statistics from the Committee of Automakers of the Association of European Businesses in Russia, in quantitative terms, Kia sold during the same period, 9.4% more cars than a year earlier.
Hyundai - by almost 12%.
Japanese Toyota closes the top three in terms of sales in monetary terms - Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months, which is 14% more than a year earlier.
The Japanese are followed by Mercedes-Benz with an indicator of 266.1 billion rubles (+ 75%) - the German premium brand increased both sales (by 37%) and the weighted average price of the car (by almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
“Mercedes-Benz at the same time has a good increase in sales and a weighted average price - more, for example, than BMW - hence a greater increase in financial capacity,” explained Tatyana Arabadji, CEO of NAPI. -
In terms of sales growth rates, Chinese brands are showing fantastic performance, which also significantly increased their financial capacity this year.”
In terms of the dynamics of income growth, the Russian Lada demonstrates average market indicators (plus 28%), and Russians spent 229.4 billion rubles on cars of this brand over 10 months.
At the level of last year, companies whose sales of cars in pieces fell in 2021 are in terms of financial capacity: in particular, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ is completely in the red - in 10 months, Russians spent 12 billion rubles on SUVs and pickups of this brand against 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the background of problems with the supply of automotive components and interruptions in production that covered the entire global automotive industry, car companies continue to continuously adjust prices - AvtoVAZ increased the cost Lada models seven times a year, the last rise in price (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Other automakers also regularly rewrite the price tags for their products.
The volume of the Russian automotive market in monetary terms will continue to increase - in addition to the shortage of cars, inflation contributes to this, as well as the desire of automakers to win back past losses, experts say.
In the face of a shortage of cars, I think that many automakers were even able to partially shift to the consumer the costs of previous periods, which they could not include in the price of cars earlier,
says Vladimir Bespalov, an analyst at VTB Capital for the automotive industry. -
I believe that automakers are doing very well financially now, maintaining high sales margins.”
An indirect indicator of this is the growth rate of the cost of cars, which are observed during 2021, prices for new cars are growing faster than inflation, the expert clarifies.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantitative terms and in monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the complication of the design of the cars themselves, predicts Bespalov.
With the increase in supply, opportunities for price increases will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow next year, even if the growth in the cost of cars slows down, automakers will be able to receive their income at the expense of volumes, said independent Sergey Burgazliev, automotive consultant.
Given the increased demand and insufficient supply, automakers are now trying to get the greatest profit from each car sold, said Burgazliev. -
An increase in the production of cars is not expected in at least the next six months, while in Russia, the excitement is also fueled by the uncertainty of citizens in the future.
Against the background of the current situation on the market, cars turned out to be a good object for investment - a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold at a higher price than the original cost, states expert.
Biden spoke about the transfer of US troops to Ukraine in the event of an invasion of Russia
The US leadership has never considered sending US troops to Ukraine in the event of an “invasion” of Russia.
This statement was made by US President Joe Biden.
“There have never been such plans,” the head of the White House said, answering the journalist's question about whether the United States abandoned such an idea.
Biden noted that in the event of an escalation of the situation around Ukraine, Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he stressed that the United States and NATO have no obligations to use military force to protect Ukraine in the event of escalation.
The American leader also said that the possibility of using American troops unilaterally for the defense of Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades the territory of Ukraine, the United States will transfer forces to Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Estonia).
“We will have to send more US and NATO troops to the eastern flank, the B9 - all those NATO countries for which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack from Russia,” Biden said.
Earlier, the press secretary of the President of Russia Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow has no intentions to invade the territory of Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees a problem in Kiev's combat use of drones supplied by Turkey, as well as in the fact that “American weapons are approaching our territory.”
I'm leaving such interviews right away.
If during the interview they want to make me listen to screams, wait for hours, drink an incomprehensible storm and wash another cup, it's scary to imagine what will happen at work.
I'll find a normal place for myself, without an HR layer, where you immediately talk to your manager.
Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi mattress 16 100x185 cm
The medium-height mattress of the springless design Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 is created of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium-hard, the other is moderately hard.
The elegant white jacquard cover is quilted on padding polyester and complemented by a zipper around the perimeter.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Thin coconut coir slabs are laid between the latex plates.
The layered structure of the mattress is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to loads.
Natural latex is a dense, elastic, breathable material in its characteristics.
The filler keeps its shape and quickly recovers after loads.
Coconut coir enhances the strength of the product and naturally has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials makes it possible to create a load-resistant orthopedic bed that will serve customers for many years.
Versatility and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and ages.
The medium-hard surface is universal with a balanced combination of orthopedics and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately hard bed is more important for those who need to “relieve” the back and healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for both a single person and a couple.
The latter will especially appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of a “wave” effect, when vibrations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite, disturbing a person in a dream.
Studio table easel 20* 24* 54 (65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Studio desktop easel with height-adjustable upper holder.
Suitable for small canvases.
The material is natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists to work.
Smooth adjustment of the inclination angle.
Equipped with a shelf for canvases and tablets.
The upper holder securely fixes the canvas.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, the maximum size of the canvas is 40 cm.
If a fraudster, like an “employee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs” or another law enforcement agency, calls from such a number, then it is ineffective to immediately reset it, and most likely it will not be in time to blacklist it.
Because to confirm his lies about his involvement in law enforcement agencies, he quickly repeats the challenge and continues to frighten and persuade.
We need more useful recommendations for the people.
This is nonsense...
I don't believe it happened like this at all.
They no longer know what to come up with, who to blame.
We got to the Queen.
And most importantly, in their opinion, everyone is to blame, except for the most...
And it would not be easier to leave people alone from coercion, of course, if ours take care of their people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear...
Like in Japan... before the elections, the influence was weakened and there were fewer infections...
Felting wool set “Assorted No. 2" 100% merino, wool 4x10 g.
Felting wool as a craft originated eight thousand years ago, only for this activity it was very difficult to find animal hair, and even more so colored hair.
But now voila!
We present semi-thin natural felting wool from a Russian manufacturer, for which you do not need to run through the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of felting wool make it possible to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a nice little toy for yourself or your baby, appliques for creativity, jewelry, interior decorations and even garments and accessories.
Imagine a pair of “dumped” fluffy sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace that will look great with a new dress, or unique slippers, which no one will have for sure...
Make your ideas come true by “rolling down” this wonderful wool!
Maria Kartashova, what does it mean “in response to this”?
I'm not voicing my thoughts, I curse you all in my mind.
I mentally cut off the heads of everyone who did not give way to me, mentally send them into a ditch and burn all the cars that interfere with my passage, mentally everything!
I can even smile at you from the outside.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas II during his reign did not sign a single death sentence.
Even lawless people like Koba and his crew.
And bloody Sunday is already an invention of the Bolsheviks.
Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK mattress 180x190.
The mattress is hard on both sides.
The natural material latexed coconut coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary rigidity and elasticity to the mattress.
The independent TFK spring unit (512 springs per bed) will give you unique comfort and proper support for your spine during sleep.
Cotton jacquard cover, quilted for 200 g.
hallcone gives protection and comfort.
Maximum load per bed: 130 kg.
It's my horse.
Pony house with accessories, 6 pcs in display
A charming pony horse lives in a cozy pink folding house.
If you open her house, then inside one of its halves you can install a kitchen, and on the second half - a table, placing treats for guests on it.
The pony has big, beautiful eyes and its mane and tail can be brushed.
The set includes: pony 9 cm, comb, house (2 halves), built-in table (2 parts), kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), heart cake (2 parts), juice bottle, 2 glasses, teapot, cup and saucer.
MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress 90x190х27, weight 27.9 kg.
Alternating layers of latex and hard coconut coir give the effect of improved body support.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress can easily withstand loads of up to 170 kg per bed.
At the same time, there is no wave effect: spouses lying next to each other do not roll down to each other regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials from which the model is made have undergone careful quality control.
They are ventilated, do not damp, do not absorb odors.
Thanks to the full air circulation, a unique microclimate is created that contributes to a healthy rest.
High-strength hot-melt adhesive is used to fasten the parts.
The film by Alexander Sokurov's student won the European Oscar for Best Editing
The Oscar-nominated Russian film Unclenching His Fists won the European Film Academy Award (also called the European Oscar) in the nomination “Best Editing”, reports “Moskovsky komsomolets”.
The jury of the contest, which voted online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, appreciated the outstanding skill of the filmmakers.
Jasmila Žbanic (Bosnia)'s film “Where are you going, Aida?” won the maximum number of awards this time
The main character of the film is an interpreter at the UN mission, who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama “Unclenching Your Fists”, directed by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film tells about the difficult relationship between a powerful father and those who want to free themselves from paternal care growing children in North Ossetia.
Earlier it was announced that this film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
As the regular friendly meetings of the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan and Turkey show, I think you are not in the topic, to put it mildly.
Just yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of a joint Azerbaijani-Russian enterprise KamAZ.
From my point of view, the literature program was formed by ladies of Balzac's age on the basis of their interests.
Of the Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those same ladies of Balzac's age.
And the psychology and torment of the heroines of Tolstoy and Turgenev for teenagers is not so interesting.
Teenagers are rarely interested in the psychology of the characters.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were plush to depict a certain variety of them?
There are roses of this color and with such a petal structure resembling velvet, as a rule, dark red, burgundy tones.
And light roses look different, the petals have just a satin or silky luster.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are kind of colorblind.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas SHOULD NOT look into the eyes - in some safari parks, visitors are given glasses with painted eyes looking away.
Bees are still guided by the smell...
Mattress Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195.
Model "Micropackage Prestige": comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different side stiffness: the medium-hard surface is formed by latex coconut fiber and natural latex, moderately soft - by a plate of natural latex.
The spring unit with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the body of the sleeper, preventing the appearance of the effect of "wave" or "hammock".
Among the advantages of the model should be identified breathable materials.
Latex, perforated for breathability, is perfectly ventilated naturally, as is coconut coir.
Thanks to this, a healthy microclimate of the bed is preserved.
Also, the mattress is covered by an extended warranty period.
The term of the official warranty from the manufacturer is 5 years, in fact, the service life of the mattress is longer.
Protection against dust and dirt is provided on a removable jacquard cover supplied in the kit.
Purchase an orthopedic pillow paired with the mattress - it is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of the parties - coconut serves as an anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Turn on your brain and chase away such relatives!
It's better not to have any than such...
Either look for a third-party driver or someone who is willing to invest and work with you in the share.
If it does not work, then sell the car, albeit with losses, do not regret.
Next time you'd better think...
Andrew, it was clearly explained to you that pensioners work in schools, they will not work in the command line.
A computer science teacher won't be able to help either, he wasn't taught that, the schoolboy plays Windows games.
So there's no support.
I remember with horror these feasts and guests in my parents' house.
Guests are on the doorstep, and more cutlets are roasted on the stove, Mom is squirming the floor.
Lord, yes, I sat down at the table without strength.
And then we wash the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday you carry food, two days of cooking, a day of cleaning after.
And the guests what?
They feel good, and the cake is sure to come with them.
Since then, I do not like holidays, guests.
Even for my family, I set the table at a minimum.
And I cook delicacies for them, I bake very often just like that.
Germany: Fourth coronavirus vaccine inevitable
A fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or fall of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be the final, but will continue with renewed vigor.
Despite the active vaccination campaign in Germany, neither two nor three doses of coronavirus vaccine will probably be enough for complete protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners, Ulrich Weigeldt, is convinced of this.
On Saturday, December 11, reports Die Welt.
"We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the autumn," the expert said.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth vaccination against coronavirus can be carried out "in combination with vaccination against influenza."
This will help to achieve the best results.
In addition, increased vaccination can help in the fight against the spread of a new strain of coronavirus "Omicron".
And the new version is especially dangerous.
Thus, the probability of re-infection with Omicron is three times higher than that of Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Based on this, the manufacturers of BioNTech / Pfizer plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
The companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new variant of the omicron coronavirus.
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that at two doses of the vaccine, the effectiveness is significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
"This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the omicron strain," BioNTech and Pfizer emphasized.
Therefore, a third dose is necessary.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, the chairman of the German Society for Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, advocates a reduction in the interval between the second and third vaccination.
Moreover, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of the coronavirus.
"The experience of Israel shows this very convincingly," the expert stressed.
Pontoon21 Lure, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibs in that it was originally created with its use in mind for ice fishing, and not just for cast fishing.
These vibes have a larger specific gravity than those of similar analogues, which undoubtedly has a positive effect on the nuances of the use of these interesting baits.
Another recognizable feature is the upper fin made of durable and elastic plastic, creating additional shades of vibration during vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a "winter vib" when fishing in the plumb, Bet-A-Vib demonstrates a rather aggressive game.
Often the most subtle is a simple monotonous animation, that is, moving the angler up and down almost without pauses.
When planning, the deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient when fishing in a limited space, cluttered with underwater vegetation, snags and other obstacles for which a hook is possible.
In addition, a slight deviation is relevant when fishing for walleye and large bass in winter, and especially in the middle of winter, when a pinpoint and aggressive bait feed is required.
Upon reaching the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly turns around and returns to the original vertical.
No less successfully Bet-A-Vib is used for winter fishing of pond trout.
To please its whims, you can choose from two modifications: with a noise capsule (NS - NanoSound) or without it (SL - Silent).
It is also noted that Bet-A-Vib by playing plumb line can tease passive pike, which does not even react to live bait.
When fishing backcast, Bet-A-Vib demonstrates range and accuracy.
This wobbler is understandable and not capricious, it goes well with fishing line and braided cords of even large diameters.
For catching pike, walleye, ruff or perch, in addition to a uniform one, a "step" is also relevant, sometimes with a "chirp" along the bottom.
If you fish in anchored areas, you can change the front tee to a double, which will reduce the likelihood of hooks.
Among the lures of its class, Bet-A-Vib is among the most stable in operation and, as a result, one of the most catchable.
With equal success it can be used both in relatively shallow and in fairly deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young slackers sit on the neck of old parents.
"Golden youth" are clearly expressed lazy people for the most part, who do not know anything and do not know anything.
A well-fed life is conducive to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin was referring to this large part of the population.
You're kidding, right.
I have never seen shoes in this store that I would like to buy.
What perennial wear are you writing about?
These shoes are made of leatherette.
It's good if one season endures.
Zenden are on par with Kari.
A couple of times to go in, see and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
In Libya, said about 7 thousand Russian mercenaries
In Libya there are more than 7 thousand mercenaries of the private military company (PMC) "Wagner".
This was stated on Sunday, December 12, by the Chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Republic Khaled al-Mishri.
"Currently, there are more than 7,000 mercenaries of the Wagner PMC in Libya.
They also have airplanes.
They also dig trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jets at Gardabia Air Bases (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," Anadolu News Agency quoted him as saying.
Khaled al-Mishri also pointed out that Russian mercenaries are "trying to seize" the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea, after "bringing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Maintain presence
According to the interlocutor of the publication, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "settled in Libya."
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using the air base and port in Sirte, as well as the air base in Jufra, the agency's publication notes.
The Russian authorities officially deny that the Wagner PMC enjoys the support of the Kremlin.
Where else can mercenaries be
According to the agency, Wagner allegedly operates in nine African countries - the CENTRAL African Republic, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training to local forces, personal protection of leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses to use minerals and natural resources, as well as to supply weapons, technology and military services to these countries.
According to the media, the "Wagnerians" allegedly fought in the Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the Central African Republic.
This group is not listed either in law enforcement agencies or in the register of legal entities, and its fighters are absent in the form lists of personnel.
This company is under US sanctions.
Earlier, the permanent representatives of 27 EU countries approved restrictions against Wagner.
It is expected that this decision will be approved by the Council of the European Union on December 13.
The situation in Libya
The Supreme Council of State of Libya is de facto the second chamber of parliament with advisory functions with dominant Islamists in it, writes TASS.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of a single voting day for the election of deputies to parliament and the head of state from December 24 to at least February 2022.
"Less than two weeks remain before the elections, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing," the material says.
Against this background, the Supreme Electoral Commission of Libya postponed indefinitely the announcement of the final list of candidates, reports Sky News Arabia.
Foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in the country's foreign policy, 29% believe that failures prevail.
"Examples of successes are "in Syria, they protected, restored peace there", "the decision on Nord Stream-2", "the whole world was intimidated that it was cool weapons", "We squeezed Crimea".
The main failures are "conflict with Ukraine", "confrontation with Western countries", "isolation from the world", - the study of the Public Opinion Foundation says.
The government of Dubai has completely abandoned paperwork - all public services have also become only digital
The government of Dubai announced a complete rejection of paperwork and the transition to digital technologies.
All public services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the Emirati news agency WAM.
"Today marks the beginning of a new phase of digitalization of all aspects of Dubai's life – we have completed the transition to a completely paperless government," Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of the Emirate and Chairman of the Executive Council of Dubai, said on Saturday.
Now the internal and external document flow in all state institutions of Dubai will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all industries without exception: healthcare, housing and communal services, police, municipal bodies, courts, etc. Many commercial structures also joined the government's initiative.
The transition to e-government and digitalization of document management began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, according to the authorities, 336 million paper sheets were saved, which is 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in monetary terms.
Earlier, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about the dates of birth and how old the child is, this is already insanity, about the class and the group in the kindergarten too.
Well, I don't believe there are such.
And if they do, they obviously don't care about everything, including the family.
My mother, her two brothers and grandparents lived on 3 Vladimirskaya Street, there was 1 floor without bars.
They knocked first on the door, then on the window, then they decided not to be ceremonial, broke the window and climbed in, but the grandfather had a baseball bat, which they received.
These people knew for sure that there was someone at home...
Turkey's car production and exports fell below 2020 levels
Turkey's car production and exports fell sharply in November amid the lira's depreciation.
As a result, the industry's performance for the first 11 months was worse than last year's result, Bloomberg reports, citing data from the Association of Automobile Manufacturers of Turkey.
According to the association, in November, 115 thousand cars were produced from factories in Turkey, which is 20% less than a year earlier.
About 75.9 thousand cars were exported, which is more than 25% lower than last year's figure.
And if according to the results of the first 10 months of this year, the automotive sector of Turkey showed a positive trend compared to last year, then by the end of 11 months of 2021, the production of cars was already 0.3% worse than last year's figure.
The reason for this fall was the sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which in November fell by 29% against the dollar.
This led to a drop in economic activity in all sectors.
More than 500 SMEs received a deferral of loan payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov spoke about the situation on the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, Kazinform correspondent reports.
"According to the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, this year, in pursuance of the instruction of the Head of State dated April 1, 2021, the Order of the Chairman of the Agency dated April 9, 2021 No. 127 "On Approving the Procedure for Granting Deferred Payments on Loans to Small and Medium-Sized Businesses" was adopted," Alikhan Smailov wrote in his response to the deputy's request.
He recalled that the procedure for granting a deferral of payments on loans provided for the provision by banks and organizations engaged in microfinance activities of deferral of payments on loans issued until April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including individual entrepreneurs, in the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The deferral period ranged from 30 to 90 days at the choice of the SME entity.
In the application of the borrower, a different period of deferral of payments could be indicated.
During the deferral period, claim and lawsuit work, notification of the need to repay overdue debts, as well as the collection of commissions and other payments by the lender were suspended," the deputy prime minister said.
In 2021, second-tier banks received applications for deferred payments on loans of 603 borrowers-subjects of SMEs, of which 553 SMEs received a deferral in the amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
131 SMEs submitted applications for deferral to MFIs, of which the deferral was granted to 95 subjects in the amount of 105.8 million tenge," Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with weak immunity are able to easily tolerate the strain of "okmiron"
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate it more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body.
Pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev explained why the strain of coronavirus "okmiron" can be dangerous.
The reason should be sought in the conditions of the origin of the virus.
Scientists believe that "okmiron" originated in the body of an HIV-infected or immunodeficient person.
That is, with the mutation, he did not meet any resistance from immunity.
Due to this, he is more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no answer from immunity, it became very fast.
Apparently, there he has these spike proteins, spikes, maybe more than expected, their antibodies were not cut during mutations, - comments pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate "okmiron" more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body.
It turns out that a strong response of the body to anything, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
So it happens with pneumococcal infections, when 30-year-old young people die, and 60-year-old people in the form of a sneeze tolerate it.
The immune response is rabid in a young man, it is completely inadequate: where it was possible only to threaten with a finger, he hits sparrows like a cannon, " concluded Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor also recalled that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Pneumonia can be bacterial and viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case, you can often stop only the symptoms - all hope for the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the onset of intoxication of the body - this is temperature, weakness, malaise.
Then there are respiratory symptoms: difficulty breathing, sore throat, cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain can also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, in Russia, by the end of the year, they can begin to vaccinate the younger generation from 12 to 18 years old.
Pavel Volchkov, a virologist and head of the MIPT Laboratory of Genome Engineering, noted that this category is very actively affected by COVID.
In adolescents who go to school, the number of contacts is maximum.
This is the most socially active stratum, as well as pupils of kindergartens," Pavel Volchkov, a virologist and head of the MIPT Laboratory of Genome Engineering, told Moscow 24.
Many thanks to the author for this article.
I was happy to refresh my memories...
Teath-In.
In those distant seventies and eighties, not a single dance floor could do without the melodies of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, they arranged dances to their music.
Immunologists have hypothesized why obese people fall victim to COVID
The authors studied the adipose tissue left over from bariatric surgeries and found that fat cells known as adipocytes can become infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected, and showed a strong inflammatory response.
The scientists also examined the adipose tissue of patients who died of COVID and found coronavirus particles in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can hide in adipose tissue, using it as a reservoir, in an attempt to avoid an immune system response.
SARS-CoV-2 is probably capable of this as well.
The biologist spoke about the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheykin named the causes of dementia and spoke about ways to prevent it in an interview with Sputnik radio.
According to WHO, this disease affects more than 55 million people.
The syndrome is manifested by a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, a person has difficulty navigating even in a familiar environment.
Golosheykin noted that most often neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders and lack of certain vitamins lead to dementia.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
This includes hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level, the role of factors such as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity is possible," he said.
The development of dementia is also affected by addictions - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disorders and a sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
"There is debate that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence," the biologist added.
To prevent the occurrence of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the necessary level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Formerly Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics of the Federal State Budgetary Educational Institution of Higher Education of the Russian National Research University.
N.I. Pirogova, Head of the Department of Cognitive Impairment of the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnology Anna Bogolepova spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt returned about 30 thousand illegally exported artifacts from the country
Over the past 10 years, the Cairo government has managed to return to its homeland about 30 thousand artifacts that were smuggled out of the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, on the air of the Al-Hayat TV channel, the chief inspector of the Department of Returned Antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt Shaaban Abdel Gauad.
Since 2011, the Egyptian state has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, 5300 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered at the Museum of the Bible in Washington," he said.
Abdel Gauad said that all the artifacts smuggled out are registered in the archives.
Now the staff of the department is working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts "track auctions around the world and sales on the Internet" through foreign and Egyptian sites, as well as social networks.
The chief inspector said that upon return, cultural values are restored, and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was an ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of the exposition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities appealed to Interpol with a request to help find the bust of Pharaoh Tutankhamun sold at auction in London.
Auction house Christie's on July 4 held an auction, at which a bust over 3 thousand years old was sold for $ 5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the art object was illegally removed in the 1970s from the Karnak Temple in Luxor.
Tutankhamun's head, depicted as the sun god Amun, has been kept in a private collection and has not been put up for auction since 1985.
How the relic got to Europe is unknown.
In recent years, Egypt has been actively seeking the repatriation of ancient monuments illegally exported from the country at different times.
According to the authorities, 95% of the smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological research by "black diggers".
"Crimean Tatars are not taken into account" - and this is correct, since the Crimean Tatars (232 thousand) are an independent people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, then only 42 thousand people - so many Tatars (Kazan) live in the Crimea (see census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants to access employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse requires its employees to provide the bank with access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The fact is that in Europe and the United States, a Swiss bank does not issue corporate communication devices to its employees, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner telecommunications operator.
Under the current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to solve business issues with colleagues or customers.
The bank enjoys the right to inspect mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used it to hold a meeting with a customer that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees have switched to remote work, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that were used to solve work issues.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management has set a deadline until which employees can familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Officially, Credit Suisse does not comment on the information about the new requirement.
Mattress Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200.
In the center of the Mattress Vivre Dual royal is a high-quality and durable block of high autonomous springs TFK 18.
Flooring layers of natural coconut add rigidity, zonal latex better distributes the load, latex with the addition of Aloe ensures the hygiene of the bed, and relief foam relaxes.
Mattress of symmetrical medium rigidity and high height (30 cm).
The product is delivered packed in a tight roll and is ready for use a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable knitted fabric with a stitch on a comfortable layer.
The fabric of the cover does not crumple, does not stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the most difficult for the earthly existence of the poet and his "ego".
He is already outside of any literary associations, spitting with Imagism, he is on his own, but he is known, in demand, at times firmly scolded by critics, even maliciously, but the reading public is ready to carry him in their arms.
During the year, more than 60 poems were written, many of them are real masterpieces, the cycle "Persian Motifs" was completed, the poem "Anna Snegina" was written, 8 books were published, the collection "Soviet Rus" was published.
And the main success - at the end of June of the 25th year, Gosizdat concluded a contract with Yesenin for the publication of his works in 3 volumes.
None of the contemporary poets of Sergei Alexandrovich was awarded such an honor, he is the first!
In addition, it promised very good money - under the contract, the fee was 1000 rubles monthly for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 300 rubles. per month, the engineer - 200).
Funds in that year were needed more than ever.
Yesenin married Leo Tolstoy's granddaughter Sofia Tolstoy, it was necessary to equip family life, to support sisters Katya and Sasha, as well as his mother.
It seems that life was getting better, there is something to rejoice, but for him everything is painted mainly in dark colors, as if the nightmare from the poem "The Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after Yesenin's death) materialized:
My friend, my friend,
I'm very, very sick.
I don't know where this pain came from.
Whether the wind whistles
Over an empty and deserted field,
That is like a grove in September,
Alcohol showers the brains.
Many acquaintances noted that Yesenin gave up a lot, looks bad, is obviously sick.
More and more often repetitive binges, nervous breakdowns.
And the reason is probably not only in alcoholism ...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was made to Sergei Alexandrovich by someone, there are no reliable documents left.
For example, dating back to May 1923, when Yesenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, the American Isadora Duncan, was recovering his health in a clinic near Paris with Professor Pyotr Gannushkin (Yesenin would come to him again two years later, already in Moscow).
But there is plenty of evidence of the poet's binges, scandals on this basis, drives to the police - scattered over dozens of memoirs.
Since the beginning of the 20s, the poet's terrible romance with the green serpent has been developing rapidly.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Yesenin briefly settled with a friend, the Imagist Ivan Startsev.
Surprisingly, Yesenin, with his very good incomes, never had his own housing either in Moscow or in St. Petersburg, he was found in rented apartments, in hotels or with friends.
Startsev recalls:
"I came only to spend the night, and in most cases in a deranged, drunken state.
One day, returning at four o'clock in the morning, Yesenin fell on the staircase ...
Falling, he scratched his face and wheezed.
After regaining a little consciousness, he incessantly began to cough, spraying the entire sheet with blood..."
Yes, and Yesenin himself after a voyage to Europe and the United States (in the States then there was a dry law, but Duncan took with her a decent supply of alcohol) admitted:
"I didn't see anything there except taverns and streets ...
I was about to finish and people stopped remembering...
Well, and drank, of course...
And I drank because the longing gnawed."
Pirelli tyre Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
Pirelli Scorpion Winter winter tires based on a high-strength mixture of rubbers and silica provide long-term efficient operation, uniform wear, resistance to loads.
The linear tread pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter wheel, which forms the ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance, directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water, dirt from the contact spot of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, suppress sliding and aquaplaning.
Curly 3D lamella enhances traction on slippery roads, on snow and ice.
Large checkers of the shoulder zone increase the transverse grip of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire when maneuvering, increase traction, reduce the braking distance.
Small grooves and notches remove heat.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern version of the budget model in the premium class line.
The basis of the mattress is a block of independent double springs Duet.
Inside the large spring is a softer spring of small size.
This allows you to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
On both sides, the mattress is supplemented with a filler - artificial latex.
This is an analogue of natural latex, but it is more dense and less expensive.
The flexibility and elasticity of this material increases the comfortable effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is perfect for a couple with a big difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the "smart" springs, there is no wave effect here, when the light partner rolls to the side of the heavy one.
A pleasant, soft to the touch cover made of practical Sense jacquard is stitched with a layer of synthepone.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this model of mattress in a twisted version (vacuum roll packaging).
Now my son is almost 16, and he has not been tormented by the desire to blow for a long time.
All energy is directed to choosing what he will earn for a living.
He is much more responsible than I was in his years or my husband, who before the wedding periodically had problems with the law.
A father takes care of his young daughter.
And he loves, as Lermontov wrote, "with a strange love."
Why did the girl cry at the exam when she hadn't failed yet?
Why didn't he tell his daughter it wasn't a school.
Well, she'll have a tail.
So what?
Re-pass.
Millions of students know this.
What's it all about?
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as a "weapon" against the EU
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as a "weapon"
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Pawel Jabłoński expressed the opinion that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as a "weapon" against the European Union and intends to return to such an "operation" next year.
The corresponding statement was made by the Deputy Foreign Minister in an interview with the Australian Financial Review newspaper.
According to Yablonsky, sanctions against Belarus temporarily "stopped Lukashenka," but he is "actively looking for new ways."
Also, the Polish official is confident that now illegal migrants will be used as weapons "in many parts of the world."
As the kp.ru website wrote, earlier the European Union introduced the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It affected 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they declared their readiness to further expand restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve."
In response, Minsk imposed a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Cover for clothes 60×100 cm, spunbond, color blue.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, it is necessary to properly care for them.
Proper storage will extend its service life and maintain an attractive appearance.
A clothes cover will help us with this!
Advantages.
Using a cover for clothes, you significantly save space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Neat appearance.
No more dresses, sweaters and skirts hanging at random.
Neat covers allow you to sort clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people using racks instead of a regular cabinet, this is the best option.
The cover reliably protects clothes from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
Does not allow clothes to change shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of creases.
Features of covers for clothes.
A special material will allow your clothes to "breathe".
With careful handling, the service life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The case is "sealed" with a strong zipper.
It's important to remember!
Pre-prepare things for storage for a long time: clean them, straighten the folds.
Choose a case of the optimal size: things should not bend from the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several voluminous things in one case at once: they can crumple.
If you value order and neatness, cherish your belongings, want to save them and extend their service life - order a cover for clothes.
Go to a large catalog and choose a product of the color and size you need at a bargain price!
"Not according to Senka hat": when a velvet jacket makes a laughing stock out of a man
The social events of 2021 were dominated by velvet jackets.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashion solution was Daniel Craig.
Back in September, at the premiere of the film "No Time to Die", he appeared in a velvet crimson jacket and a traditional "Bond" butterfly.
His example was twice followed by Prince William, who first wore a green velvet jacket to the award ceremony of The Earthshot Prize, which does not comply with the royal dress code, and then chose a more classic option for an event in support of the Royal Variety Charitable Foundation.
A couple of weeks ago, lionel Messiah tried on the trend.
The footballer came to pick up the seventh Ballon d'Or in a velvet Dolce & Gabbana jacket.
By the way, his sons were dressed in the same.
AliExpress already notes the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to analysts of the service, received in the "Gazeta. Ru", they began to buy 1.4 times more often.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with a lining and a fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, dark blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is from 3 to 6 thousand rubles, while men prefer to buy only jackets - they choose sets of velvet suits less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available in H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment, velvet jackets are presented in almost all brands this season - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most desirable is the Gucci model, in which the brand ambassador Jared Leto went to one of the premieres of the film "Gucci House".
Choosing jackets of expensive brands, you can be sure that the velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to the special technology of weaving threads, a dense fabric with a lint external texture and a smooth inner side is obtained.
More budget options are made of cotton or polyamide, but, accordingly, serve less.
Lamoda fashion expert Ilya Vakhoshkin, warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the main thing is not its model or style, but appropriateness.
"Velvet requires evening light, so this jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a solemn event," vakhoshkin explains. - It is also suitable for those cases if the dress code "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie" is indicated in the invitation.
Another important criterion, the observance of which allows you to make a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
"A man in a velvet jacket, first of all, should get the right advanced party with prosperity," the authors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion "Handsome Brammell" believe. - Holders of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the caste of those people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to timed social events, where the dress code is always indicated.
Ilya Vakhoshkin suggests combining a velvet jacket with the same elegant things: classic trousers with arrows, plain shirts, silk ties, loafers with tassels, cufflinks.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from "Handsome Brammell" are sure: it will be inappropriate to appear in a velvet jacket of an ordinary employee at a corporate party, but if we are talking about "a leader from among those who manage this event, then - "yes", he has such a thing in the topic."
If the employee is of a lower rank, and his goal is to move higher in the complex hierarchy of the company or knock out financial bonuses, then it is better not to wear a velvet jacket.
The management will definitely appreciate this with the phrase "not according to Senka hat", - the editors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion believe.
Very mixed feelings from the voice.
It's an unnatural timbre, so tortured pulls.
And it is not associated at all with the cute face of a young girl.
To be honest, I don't understand the admiration of others.
But from the bottom of my heart I wish you good luck in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is, paid.
Billions of dollars of investment.
Are they sad?
No, the price of electricity has gone up.
Traditional energy is also not in the overhead - gas, oil, and coal were bought cheaper than they are now selling.
There is a wild demand for fuel.
A penny is dripping.
And then who's in the flyby?
As usual - an ordinary buyer.
Do the problems of the Indians touch the sheriff?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be considered idiots who "slept through" the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a good bribe.
I did not see a single beautiful person in the photos in the article.
Just mediocrity within the average passengers.
Perhaps, if such characters are so confident in their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole car, then they will not get to them, most likely.
But only because of the mental disorder and ignorance of such "beauties (-itz)", but certainly not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "a slave who is aware of his slave position and fights against it, is a revolutionary.
A slave who is unaware of his slavery and languishes in a silent, unconscious and wordless slave life is simply a slave.
A slave who drools when he smugly describes the delights of slave life and admires a good and good master is a slave, a boor."
Immunologist said that revaccination in 4-5 months will help protect against the strain of coronavirus "omicron"
Revaccination in four to five months can protect against a new strain of coronavirus infection "omicrone".
This statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the vaccination in six months, taking into account the emergence of a new strain, "a very long period"
"With previous strains, such a period was normal, but now it is best to carry out the procedure in five months, and for people with chronic diseases - in four," the expert said, urging in parallel with the vaccination campaign, to engage in revaccination.
Kryuchkov also noted that early revaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
"If a person was given two vaccinations and a booster, or he was sick and vaccinated, or vaccinated and ill, then he received "hybrid immunity", that is, there are a lot of antibodies and neutralizing enough," the expert said.
"Group of Seven" warned Russia of "large-scale consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine
The countries of the "Big Seven" (Great Britain, Germany, Italy, Canada, the United States, France and Japan) issued a statement following the meeting of foreign ministers in Liverpool.
It stresses that Russia's "military aggression" against Ukraine "will have huge consequences and will cost Moscow dearly," but the document does not describe specific measures.
"We, the foreign ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military buildup and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine," the statement said.
The ministers further call on Russia to "ease escalation, use diplomatic channels and abide by its international obligations regarding transparency of military activities," as U.S. President Biden said during a video call to Russian President Putin on Dec. 7.
"We reaffirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve the full implementation of the Minsk agreements in order to resolve the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the G7 foreign ministers said.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a serious price to pay in return," they warned.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its future.
We welcome Ukraine's restrained stance.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response," the statement said.
Earlier in the day, british foreign policy chief Elizabeth Truss said Russia would suffer "serious consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "the united voice of the countries of the Group of Seven, which account for 50% of world GDP, and which made it very clear that the invasion of Ukraine will have huge consequences for Russia."
The Pfizer vaccine was found to be 32 times less effective against the omicron strain
The effectiveness of the vaccine from Pfizer-BioNTech against the omicron strain of coronavirus is 32 times lower in comparison with other types of the disease.
This conclusion was made by scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, reports the South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective based on a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the drug for COVID-19.
"We see that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the original variant of Sars-CoV-2, however, this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variety," said Professor Malik Peiris.
At the same time, scientists stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against the severe course of the disease when infected with coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of the coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the influence of the omicron strain on it.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain can cause a new wave of viral circulation and increased mortality if additional measures are not taken.
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine accused Germany of blocking the supply of NATO weapons to Kiev
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, Alexei Reznikov, accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Kiev's acquisition of deadly weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-sniper systems and rifles to defeat drones.
At the same time, it is noted that later Berlin softened its position on rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defense, Kiev intends to seek the acquisition of the above-mentioned weapons within the framework of bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, we are talking about the United States, Great Britain, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government under the leadership of Chancellor Olaf Scholz on the permission of arms supplies to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine's ambassador to Germany, Andriy Melnyk, expressed the opinion that Kiev should not expect Berlin to supply weapons under Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous leadership of Germany explained its refusal to provide weapons by the risk of developing a military escalation of the conflict in the Donbass, despite the "occupation by Russia" of part of the Ukrainian territory.
The diplomat is sure that Germany will maintain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky said that Kiev expects help from Berlin in equipping the navy.
Ukraine expects that Germany "will be a partner of Ukraine in the technical sense," the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year, the co-chairman of the Green Party of Germany, Robert Habeck, visited the republic, where he advocated the sale of defensive weapons to Kiev.
Sergey NOSOV 2, no, poor eyesight has nothing to do with it.
"And" instead of "E" type?
Skip commas in large numbers?
So write instead of writeEte.
No, you are an illiterate person.
And for a philologist, this is a disgrace.
Game set "Fishing": e/f light, sound, in the complex. playing field, 2 fishing rods, 5 figures, bat. 3AA not vh., cor.
Electrified children's fishing is a fun and useful toy for the development of the child.
Playing, the kid will train fine motor skills of the hands, develop dexterity, accuracy and attention.
It is worth turning on the toy, as 5 miniature fish will begin to move quickly along the simulated pond to a cheerful melody.
The child's task is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play on your own or together: the kit includes 2 fishing rods.
The toy is powered by 3 1.5 V AA batteries (not included).
The size of the playing field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
The winners of the Arsenyev Prize were named in Moscow - Rossiyskaya Gazeta
The solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian Literary Award "Far East" them.
V. K. Arsenyeva was held in Moscow.
As reported on the page of the award in Instagram, a total of 89 applications were received by the organizing committee this season.
63 were selected.
The leaders in the number of submitted works were Primorsky and Khabarovsk Territories - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three nominations: "Long Prose", "Short Prose", "Prose for Children".
Nine works were shortlisted - three in each nomination.
The winner in the nomination "Long Prose" was Alexander Filkin (Primorsky Krai) with the book "Inscription on the Gospel".
The award was presented to the winner by Deputy Prime Minister - Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of the Russian Federation in the Far Eastern Federal District Yuri Trutnev.
In the nomination "Short prose" lyubov Bezbach (Sakhalin region) with the work "Whisper of night rain" was recognized as the best.
She received the award from the hands of the Minister of the Russian Federation for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic Alexei Chekunkov.
In the nomination "Children's prose" the laureate was the Trans-Baikal writer Nina Belomestnova and her "Golden Thread".
The author was awarded by the screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 500 thousand rubles.
Recall that within the framework of the "Far East" award, the authors of the best works on the Far Eastern theme are awarded.
The main task of the award is not only to award the winners and talk about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest in the Far East as a territory of priority development of the XXI century.
Novels, novellas, collections of novels or short stories, as well as non-fiction and memoirs can be nominated for the nomination.
At the same time, the place of residence of the author does not matter, the main thing is to write in Russian language.
Official website of the award: https:// premiaarsenieva.rf/.
Frying pan, d=22 cm, with handle, color dark marble, 4278884.
Kukmara "marble" tableware is made of cast aluminum and is covered with an innovative non-stick water-based marble coating reinforced with super-hard particles of minerals.
Features of the tableware series "Marble".
The significant thickness of the walls and bottom eliminates the deformation of the body, guarantees durability, provides the necessary strength of the coating.
The high-strength water-based non-stick marble coating is reinforced with ultra-hard particles of minerals.
Environmentally friendly non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorinated carboxylic acid).
Ideal heat distribution over the entire surface of the dishes, long-term heat retention.
The ability to use a minimum amount of fat.
Non-stick marble coating is applied by spraying, which guarantees exceptional durability of the coating during operation.
Small scratches and small abrasions on the surface of the cauldron do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the dishes.
Products do not burn and retain their taste.
The possibility of cooking delicious and healthy food without adding oil, as on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Ease of washing.
Suitable for all types of cookers except induction.
Can be washed in the dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner coating is "marble".
High-strength water-based non-stick coating reinforced with particles of superhard minerals.
Reinforced ground layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
Die-cast aluminium housing up to 6 mm thick.
The outer non-stick coating is "marble".
Dishes Kukmara will allow you to turn the ordinary process of cooking into a pleasant and easy activity for any housewife.
Years... I did the same redevelopment many years ago.
I combined the hall with the kitchen.
The apartment is three-room.
Was.
Of course, the project, the permit, the new technical passport, everything is according to the law.
In the hallway they made a bookcase and a large dressing room.
The door to the kitchen was laid, and a bunch of space was formed.
For almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we have never regretted what we have done.
Of the mistakes - instead of a bath, a cool shower cabin was installed.
A hundred times I regretted it!
I only recently realized that I love rum.
But I haven't discovered the beautiful world of rum yet, except for "Bacardi" and "Captain Morgan."
What else would you recommend, and where would you start this wonderful acquaintance?
I got sick too.
I will not vaccinate.
I came to Chernomorskoye for "rehabilitation".
Only the weather was unlucky...
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in bright houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus, paint and other chemical compounds will scare away birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thanks, I'll definitely give it a try.
And what does Japan have to do with this?
Thanks for the recipe.
And what varieties of apples should be put according to this recipe?
It's really delicious.
I add some more onions and a green apple.
Give it a shot.
Recently, a zombie box said that the production of cars feels an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, which country, what percentage of these semiconductors (apparently, microcontroller chips) produces.
Russia was not on this list.
Just like that!
In the United States, with their expensive labor force, it is profitable, and here in Russia, it is unprofitable!
And my mother-in-law harassed me.
I feel sorry for her, she's not with us.
If I had seen the good from her, things could have been different.
But except for hatred, gossip, scandals, there is nothing much to remember.
I feel sorry for her, life lived in anger.
Mercedes filed a protest against the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
The German team "Mercedes", whose pilot Lewis Hamilton at the Aboud-Dhabi Grand Prix finished second behind the Red Bull driver Max Verstappen, filed a protest against the final result of the race, the press service of Formula 1 reports.
Mercedes believes that formula 1 rules 48.12 and 48.8 were violated during the race.
In the first case, the German team challenges the referees' decision to return the lap drivers to the same lap as the leaders.
According to the second, Verstappen was ahead of Hamilton to the "restart" allowed zone.
We add that now the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen was ahead of Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the Formula 1 world championship, are preliminary, when the protests of Mercedes will be considered are not known
G7 warns Russia of responsibility for invasion of Ukraine
The foreign ministers of the G7 countries warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues its military aggression against Ukraine, the parties said in the final statement.
The participants of the meeting also noted that they condemn the strengthening of the Russian armed forces near the borders of the country.
"Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," the Uk government said in a statement posted on its website.
The G7 ministers and the EU High Representative noted that they were "united in their condemnation of Russia's armed strengthening and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine."
British Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss at a press conference in Liverpool warned of "big consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We have made it clear that any invasion will have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to abandon aggression against Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier at the summit in Liverpool, the G7 foreign ministers agreed that in order to resolve the crisis due to the build-up of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine, the parties need to return to the negotiating table.
It was about negotiations in the Normandy format.
The North Atlantic Alliance also supported a dialogue on Ukraine in the Normandy format.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "signed off on their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Belt bag Homsu Diamond.
The Diamond Belt Bag is perfect for sports, traveling or just walking.
It is convenient to take by yourself, it is roomy, made of durable and lightweight fabric material.
The main compartment opens with a zipper, which can be done without difficulty even on the go.
Stylish and bright design is perfect for those ladies who really have a fine taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, so that it fits various things, from a passport to a mobile phone.
The material makes it easy to wash the waist bag using a variety of household products.
For convenience, you can use a special strap size regulator.
Revealed ways to return stolen money through online stores
There are several ways to get back money stolen through online stores and not become a victim of fraud in the future.
They were revealed by information security experts in an interview with RBC.
So, to reduce the risk of major losses when bank card data falls into the hands of intruders, it is recommended to store fixed assets on a card or bank account that are not used in online shopping.
Part of the savings can be deposited in a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend having a separate card for online purchases.
If the money was stolen during purchases in stores that do not use 3D Secure security technology, you can start the refund procedure.
"Within the framework of the rules established by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions conducted without the use of 3D Secure, the responsibility is assigned to the participant in the settlement chain who does not use this service," the representative of Promsvyazbank said.
Artur Zaremba, an expert from the international payment provider Ecommpay, stressed that the buyer has the right to submit an application to the bank to challenge the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the criminal used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authentication, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online stores themselves return funds to the client if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, Ekaterina Mizulina, a member of the Public Chamber, Director of the Safe Internet League, reported that in 2021 alone, 11,000 appeals were received on various cases of fraud: from the sale of forged documents to identity theft.
According to her, an effective solution in the current circumstances can be the creation of a single window for complaints about online fraudsters.
Scholz arrives in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU law
Newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the migrant crisis on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the build-up of Russian troops near the borders of Ukraine and the situation with the Russian gas pipeline Nord Stream 2.
Although Scholz has stated his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for years to come, the leaders of the two countries expressed unequivocal expectations of each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said that he would call on Scholz to oppose Nord Stream 2, which is supposed to deliver Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Morawiecki, Russia can use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin said it would help Warsaw and Brussels resolve the crisis.
Poland's judicial system, however, remains one of the reasons for disagreement.
The European Court of Justice fined Poland, finding that the judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violate EU law.
Poland refused to pay the fine, and its highest court ruled that national legislation took precedence over EU rules.
Germany's new government, sworn in on Wednesday despite demands from Poland and the United States, has made no public commitment to halt Nord Stream 2 in the event of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
U.S. officials told members of Congress that they had reached an understanding with Germany about shutting down the pipeline if Russia invaded Ukraine, a senior U.S. congressional official said Tuesday.
German officials have not confirmed the reports, but Scholz on Wednesday warned of the consequences if Russia violates Ukraine's border, a position confirmed sunday by the Group of Seven.
Dmitry, look more closely.
The view outside the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
The wall between the kitchen and the room was removed, so the second window is partially visible.
And in general, those who are not familiar with the initial layout doubt.
And I know such apartments very well and I see perfectly well how it was replanned.
Let them be fine.
It is always surprising when they write about the means to wash the sink, toilet, window sills, taps.
You wash them once a year at Easter, whatever, that you have to wash them.
Just don't get dirty.
The Ministry of Figures wants to give writers residences
The state will transfer to the future Foundation for the Support of Russian Writers the federal property inherited from the Union of Writers of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR.
Writers' residences will be created on its basis, the Ministry of Digital, which will become the founder of the fund, told the Parliamentary Gazette.
The Ministry of Digitalization is preparing a draft presidential decree on the creation of the Fund for the Support of Russian Writers.
The explanatory memorandum specifies that the fund will be instructed to take care, among other things, of the targeted use and preservation of buildings and structures that once belonged to the Soviet Union by writers and Litfond.
"A significant number of real estate objects previously owned by the Literary Fund of the USSR, including objects located in the town of writers Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo in the Leningrad region and others, have become the property of the Russian Federation," the press service of the Ministry of Statistics told the Parliamentary Gazette.
The draft decree prescribes to reflect in the charter of the Foundation that it is "created in order to promote literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers."
"By 'creating conditions for creative activity' is meant the creation of writers' residences on the basis of the transferred property in different regions of Russia, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creativity," the Ministry of Digitals explained to our publication.
520 rubles for one cut tomato?
Cheese cake is literally a layer of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a beaker for 570...
No, it looks, of course, delicious, but the price is simply inadequate.
On Belorusskaya, apparently, solid rich people gathered.
Doctors warn of the dangers of long-term use of blood thinners after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned of the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after contracting coronavirus infection COVID-19 and before vaccination against coronavirus.
Therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that self-prevention of possible blood clots after COVID-19 can provoke a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-thinning drugs are not intended for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in the hospital, he had complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning drugs that prevent excessive formation of blood clots) according to indications.
She said that now there is an obscurantism - everyone in a row drinks anticoagulants for a long time and receive complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (cerebral hemorrhage) against this background.
The chief prophylactologist of the Ural Federal District, the scientific supervisor of the Society of Preventive Medicine Specialists, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev in an interview with URA.RU said that Russians now often use anticoagulants randomly before vaccination against coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe dubious advice on the Internet and begin to self-medicate.
There are citizens who, a week before vaccination, at their own decision, begin to take anticoagulants.
And during a preliminary examination before vaccination, doctors notice bruising.
He stressed that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without finding out the cause of any symptom.
Potatoes called a superfood to protect against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and affordable vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing diseases of the cardiovascular system.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and trace elements that contribute to the work of internal organs.
It helps with heart disease by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol, according to the portal Semana.
Today, heart disease is the leading cause of early human death.
To improve the situation, you need not only to be treated, but also to eat right.
One of the helpers in this situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to scientists, in this root crop there are a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and there is also a very important vitamin C for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
Trace elements help all internal systems of the body to work effectively.
Among other things, the root crop fights against natural age-related disorders in the body, contains a lot of fiber useful for the gastrointestinal tract.
With regular consumption, it can become a prevention of atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A lady came to see the apartment.
I came from another city to show it.
The ad contained detailed photos and a description of the apartment.
She was extremely dissatisfied, because there was no "chic" kitchen and a "chic" balcony.
My aunt, see, has nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, and people spend their time.
About 145,000 teenagers vaccinated with the first component against COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information has been published on the vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and lactating women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan, Kazinform reports with reference to the IEC on the non-spread of COVID-19.
Twenty people died from coronavirus and pneumonia per day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely serious condition - Ministry of Health of the Republic of Kazakhstan Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" for coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, Pfizer vaccine vaccinated: the first component - 181,037 people, the second component - 14,580 people.
Of these, the first dose: adolescents - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, lactating women - 25,779.
Second dose: adolescents - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, lactating women - 2,749.
A plumber who found money in the wall of the church will be paid 20 thousand dollars
A plumber who found money in the wall of a church in the U.S. state of Texas will be rewarded.
This is reported in a press release from the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident occurred in the large evangelical church of Lakewood, where Pastor Joel Austin preaches, promising that wealth and prosperity await devout Christians.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cowley was renovating one of the church's restrooms and found thousands of bags of money and checks under insulation.
He gave the find to the church and, according to him, did not receive even gratitude from Austin.
"I wanted to hear him say, 'You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you have done and what you could have done," KPRC-TV quoted him as saying.
Apparently, the find is related to a theft that occurred in lakewood Church seven years ago.
Then about 200 thousand dollars in cash and 400 thousand dollars in the form of checks, which were stored in the church safe, disappeared.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer losses.
Nevertheless, for information about the criminals, a reward was announced, amounting to 25 thousand dollars.
Justin Cowley could not claim this amount, as the reward has already expired.
Despite this, the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston, which at one time allocated five thousand dollars for the award and later received another 20 thousand dollars as a gift from lakewood Church, decided to reward the honesty of the plumber.
He'll get $20,000.
Earlier it was reported that the police questioned Pastor Joel Austin about the money found in the wall of Lakewood Church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is her characterization "as a real person."
Therefore, the attitude towards it is so negative.
And it's not that "she's financially much richer than all the scribblers", as they write here.
There are people who are richer, but not everyone behaves as brazenly, as defiantly as this madam.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190x190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
It is based on a TFK unit (256 springs per square meter).
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load.
Coconut coir (a material made from coconut palm fibers) is used as a filler.
Between the filler and the spring unit there are layers of felt.
Both sides of the mattress are above average hardness.
Removable case Jacquard Sense: cotton 5%, polyester 95%.
Fabric density - 116 g/m².
Again, simple and delicious.
I was looking for chicken recipes on your page.
They gave us a chicken.
It was grown on our farm by our friends.
It weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to cook it tastier.
I want to find a recipe for chicken baked in pieces in beer.
Haven't you tried that?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes "from the Internet".
In China, a new case of human infection with the avian influenza virus was recorded
A new case of human infection with the avian influenza virus of a highly pathogenic variety of H5N6 was recorded in China.
This was reported by the radio station RTHK with reference to the notification of the health authorities of Hong Kong, reports TASS.
The infection infected a 68-year-old resident of the city of Huizhou in the southern province of Guangdong, who kept poultry on the farm.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The world's first human infection with a strain of the H5N6 virus was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
In Brazil, citizens were obliged to present vaccination passports when entering the country
In Brazil, it was obliged to demand Covid passports from those entering the territory of the state, the corresponding decision was made by the judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF) Luiz Roberto Barroso.
It is reported by CNN Brasil.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempt from presenting a certificate from vaccination.
Also on the list of exceptions are persons who arrived from countries where the absence of a vaccine has been proven.
"The situation is even more serious when you consider that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year's, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which implies an increase in tourist flow," Barroso said.
Earlier, the Brazilian authorities obliged tourists unvaccinated against coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
Full protection against COVID-19 revealed
Virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honored Scientist of Russia Anatoly Altstein in an interview with Ura.ru revealed a scheme of complete protection against coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by administering an injection and the use of a nasal vaccine.
With internasal use, a large number of immunoglobulins A. When the vaccine is administered by injection, this does not happen.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside, after vaccination, we have the most immunoglobulins G (antibodies).
And if you administer both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But so far there is no decision on double vaccination, "the doctor said.
The chief prophylactologist of the Ural Federal District, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, in turn, said that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination in conjunction with injection is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this will help with the fact that in this case, the body's protection, presumably, should become maximum.
Earlier, the Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod region, David Melik-Huseynov, said that the spread of a new coronavirus infection among children would lead to a new surge in the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to him, this is the picture observed in other countries, where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked to the male (who died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, feeding, affection, love and games for a flowing, then go ahead.
But the pesel was trained and generally smart.
He chose my company and went home.
On video, a method that works 90% of the time.
Not taken from the ceiling, believe me.
I slowed down many owners so as not to run after the dog, although they lamented that out, 200 thousand run away (pomski), directly took his hand and led him in the other direction.
As a result, "200 thousand" chose the owner, and not the dog that ran somewhere there.
Mass protests of opponents of vaccination do not stop in Europe
In the Austrian capital of Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and plans of the authorities to make vaccination against COVID mandatory.
From February next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3600 euros.
Spaniards, outraged by the policy of the authorities in the field of health, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some held signs reading "This is a false pandemic" and "I will not be vaccinated."
A major protest against sanitary passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, a covid certificate is required for access to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and nightlife venues.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was made by the authorities of a number of regions of the country against the background of an increase in the number of cases of coronavirus infection.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then escalated into clashes with law enforcement officers.
A group of demonstrators began throwing stones at the police.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nicholas S., even on Wikipedia there is no consensus on this.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also designated as "the first Russian doctor, Doctor of Medicine", probably because she began to study earlier.
Let's just not argue, I believe they both deserve this title.
But I agree with zakharova with only one thing: the Americans brought only death and looting to any country, wherever they appeared.
Mattress Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut coir on a spring block TFK.
The mattress is both sides framed by layers of natural coconut.
The mattress is based on a block of independent springs TFK.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load, help the body to take a natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
Cover made of natural jacquard - dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to the touch.
It's bad and sad to grow old alone, but it's inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad when you read about it.
A person should live as long as he can serve himself and not be a burden to anyone.
Good health to all.
WHO has detected "omicrone" in six dozen states
The World Health Organization (WHO) said that a new strain of coronavirus "omicrone" has already been identified in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already saying that the spread of the new strain could have disastrous consequences.
The rate of spread of the strain was told in the message of the WHO.
According to the organization, as of December 9, the strain has already been identified in 63 countries, in all six WHO regions.
This is despite the fact that it began to actively spread only from the end of November.
WHO is also concerned about the high rate of spread of the novel variant of the coronavirus.
WHO experts express concern that the new strain, according to preliminary data, can bypass the delta strain, aka the Indian variant of the coronavirus, which is now leading in all countries without exception.
Prior to this, the Director-General of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said that the omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in the UK.
Experts at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that "omicrone" in the coming months will displace the "delta".
And the number of cases only in Britain will be about 1 million, despite the fact that officially "omicron" at the moment in the Kingdom are sick several hundred people, and according to estimates up to 10 thousand.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the omicron strain, and at the peak, more than 2,000 people will be taken to hospitals daily.
What the British health care system will not be able to cope with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that according to recent studies, the effectiveness of the vaccine from Pfizer-BioNTech against the strain of "omicrone" is 32 times lower in comparison with other types of the disease.
About how the Russian "Sputnik V" reacts to the "omicron" is still unknown - it will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has just begun testing the Russian vaccine on the omicron strain.
Why should we see the stages of aging?
It would be better to see more about the performance of your exercises.
It is not clear in the first exercise how to do: sitting on your heels or kneeling, as it is written, but how then to rest your hands on your hips?
Or hands on the waist?
Curious Squirrel, you are right, communication on the Internet is completely different, they communicate easily and at ease, and in person there is nothing to say.
And to see a person live, perhaps this is not what you expected, did not catch - hence the attitude.
When he meets his man, then the views will change.
And again, the Soviet time is called the "time of demons".
Back then, people believed in God much more honestly than they do today.
And they were brought up almost according to God's laws (love for your neighbor, do not steal, etc.).
What is the ideology today - money at any cost.
Talkers like Globa have little faith (and there is none at all), but even if so, the time of demons came in the 90s ...
Our St. Petersburg, or rather Leningrad communal apartment with Bolshaya Zelenina still maintains communication.
Of course, we are not the closest friends, but we try to preserve the warmth of the relations of the older generation.
Maybe this is due to the fact that there were no visitors in the apartment, rooms were not rented, and no one canceled the blockade brotherhood.
Unfortunately, we see each other more and more often at funerals.
Lara Angelica, may you quit!
Human cubs, especially male ones, are strong, agile energetic, infuriating, pushing, fighting, fighting, just like their little "brothers" in wildlife!
It's a pity that they are not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches are common, and not a boomerang!
And for what?
Brother pushed, not calculating the strength?
And you are always so clever that you have never accidentally hurt anyone and have never injured yourself?
Mattress SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm.
The Bonnel Wave Space BS spring unit mattress has moderate stiffness on both sides.
Comfortable layers of the mattress - a combination of coconut plate and artificial latex with a relief surface - ErgoFoam.
The cover of the product is cotton, made of jacquard weaving fabric.
It is durable, resistant to wear, at the same time it passes air well, without interfering with the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is quilted on the sintepon, it gives it softness.
Practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coyra coconut has antimicrobial properties, it is tough, evenly distributes the weight falling on it.
Artificial latex with a cellular sharp surface provides the mattress with a micromassage effect.
Durable materials, robust construction.
The Bonnel block, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it withstands heavy loads, it is well suited to pairs with a small difference in weight.
Along the perimeter, the product is reinforced with a PU foam box - it prolongs the service life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennett announced the beginning of vaccination in schools
The Israeli Ministry of Health from Sunday begins an emergency program to increase vaccination.
Since the morning of December 12, vaccination against coronavirus has been carried out in schools throughout Israel.
Prime Minister of the Jewish state Naftali Bennett at today's cabinet meeting said that the issue of vaccination with the fourth dose of citizens at risk will also be studied.
In Israel, mass vaccination of the population against coronavirus infection COVID-19 began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are vaccinated with the drug Pfizer.
Since January 10 last year, the vaccinated began to receive a second dose.
Vaccination of adolescents 12-15 years old in this country started in early June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of vaccination, the third - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gower, well, probably, the tick will not crawl on the trap, it is the ARACHNID, as LYALYA put it.
Anyway, I don't see a tick.
But I'm curious, what if there is?
We need to throw something else to him, for temptation.
Children's mattress Dimax Genius 70x190
Children's double-sided mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut coir based on the independent spring unit EVS500.
Children's springless mattress made of latex and coconut on an independent spring unit.
Natural latex is a soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep as comfortable as possible.
On the reverse side of the mattress of medium hardness, comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
The mattress is based on a block of independent springs.
Springs as accurately and evenly as possible distribute the load on the surface of the mattress, maintaining the body in a natural position.
A great option for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
The material is durable, wear-resistant, not subject to abrasion.
In Brazil, as a result of heavy rains killed seven people
At least seven people were killed and 175 injured as a result of heavy rains that hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas Gerais.
It is reported in TASS with reference to the rescue services.
An extratropical cyclone has been raging on the border of these states since the middle of the week, as a result of which the level of precipitation in the region reached 450 mm. In 25 municipalities of the state of Bahia, a state of emergency has been declared, in some of them the floods have become the most destructive in 35 years.
The disaster destroyed several bridges, two river dams, blocked traffic on three routes.
According to rescuers, about 5.7 thousand people were left homeless, another 6.7 thousand were forced to leave their homes.
Damage from the disaster affected over 85 thousand residents of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol ointment, I work with medicines.
It relieves inflammation well.
Personally, I like Bepanten better for the regeneration of superficial wounds and abrasions, but you can see on the spot what is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is going on, there was such a hole, just creepy.
Hola, España, you didn't hear or understand me.
I will answer with the lines of M. Isakovsky: "Migratory birds are flying \nThe past summer to look for.\n
They fly to hot countries,\nA I don't want to fly away,\nA I stay with you,\nBorn my side!\n
I don't need a foreign sun,\nThe earth is not needed."
And believe me, the photos from the park where I skied, or my city will be no worse.
By the way, it would be much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Wax crayons MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 tsv., twistable, in plastic. Housing.
A set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a twistable rod.
Do not crumble, do not stain the handles, absolutely safe.
Do not require sharpening.
The body is made of high-quality durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: zippered bag.
$135 billion went into apps - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending in apps grew globally by 25% and the number of downloads by 8%.
The most popular in the world were various video services.
Most of all, users downloaded the CapCut video editor, and spent the most on YouTube.
Both the number of app downloads and user spending in them showed significant growth between January and November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion Even more significantly increased user spending in applications: by 25%, to a record $ 135 billion.
Such data was published by the analytical company App Annie, which presented a report on the mobile application market in 2021.
In 2021, the global economy emerged from lockdown and began a post-pandemic recovery.
"Will such a 'return to physical' slow down the growth of the app economy? Not at all," the report's authors said.
The leader in the number of app downloads was India: it accounts for about 20% of all downloads.
It is followed by the United States (9%) and Brazil (8%).
Users of gadgets on iOS, as before, spent more than users with Android: iOS accounted for 65% of all spending in applications.
Among the applications, the first place in the number of downloads for 2021 was taken by the video editor CapCut.
It is followed by two Indian applications: the MX video service TakaTak and the online trading application Meesho.
The top 10 in terms of the number of downloads also includes Telegram.
In general, judging by the number of downloads, VPN services are popular among users (there are two of them in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to the creation and broadcasting of videos (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak, two more such services are included in the top 10 - Moj and SnackVideo).
"Users spent the most in applications for live broadcasts and online streaming," the authors of the report note.
The leader here is YouTube, the top 5 in terms of user spending also includes the video service TikTok, streaming video services Disney+ and HBO Max, as well as the Japanese subscription service for manga Piccoma.
The first places in terms of the number of monthly active users are occupied by Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok, the top 5 mobile version of Microsoft Office closes.
In Russia, the leader in the number of downloads for the year was the aliExpress shopping application.
It is followed by the Zenly service, which shows the location of friends, and all the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 applications are: online karaoke StarMaker, online clothing retailer Shein, application Maps for Minecraft PE, online taxi ordering service DiDi, client for YouTube Pure Tuber, retailer application "Dixie" and online store "Scooter".
Around the world, people have adapted to the pandemic through the transition to life in mobile, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The greatest success was achieved by those industries that helped people to be closer both virtually and personally, "commented on the results of the report the head of marketing research of App Annie Lexi Sidou.
The revenue of the mobile games sector in 2021 reached $ 90 billion The leaders in the number of downloads were casual and hyper-casual games, in which there is little or no plot, and video design is minimal.
The top 3 most popular games in the world included Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia, among the games leading DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends of the next year, the company's analysts called the growth in the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growing popularity of financial applications among Generation Z, such as the Robinhood application for investors, as well as a further increase in the popularity of metaversive mobile games.
Clan De File dog treat with beef, 30 pcs. 40 g each.
A natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages from beef.
Clan De File is a meat fillet for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
A natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Only one type of protein is used in cooking - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, which means that the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the delicacy is meat fillet, processed in accordance with the quality standards that are used in cooking for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily diet: no more than 10% of the daily diet of an adult animal.
Energy value:407 kcal.
Ingredients: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians warned about a new scheme of scammers
Attackers began to look for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
This is written by "Izvestia" with reference to experts.
According to Zaur Abutalimov, product director of Ivideon, the main danger associated with the spread of video communication tools is deepfakes.
In this case, fraudsters create a fake video based on real recordings with the participation of the victim.
Thanks to this, the neural network manages to accurately reproduce the features of the behavior of a person.
Abutalimov added that using a deepfake, attackers can call the victim's friends via video link or create a video with the participation of a copy of a person for mailing for the purpose of blackmail.
"Such fakes can easily provoke bullying, since a savvy attacker can put people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scripts," the expert said.
Varonis Lead Systems Engineer Alexander Vetkol, in turn, noted that psychologically, people trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this can create specific risks when it comes to technologies using video.
David, I'll add.
In what I wrote above, I emphasized that I bought all this in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow me to make up and walk in short skirts, show stockings and tights on legs.
It's a province, but the store HAD such a product.
In big cities, Muslim women were painted and frogs were shown.
So in Dushanbe, it is a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are a lot of fashionistas, but there are no cosmetics.
Listed five actions that will help to avoid diabetes
Problems with blood sugar levels are among the most common in the world.
However, some do not attach much importance to this, and in vain.
Diabetes can lead to severe complications and even death over time.
Preventive measures play a major role in preventing the formation of diseases.
So, doctors recommend changing the drinking regime - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to ordinary water have a positive effect on metabolism.
Sugary foods raise blood sugar levels to a dangerous level when consumed in excess.
Therefore, the first step towards a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and store them at home.
The appearance of the disease is affected not only by malnutrition, but also by habits.
To reduce the risks of diabetes, you need to move a lot.
Experts advise to adhere to a low-carbohydrate diet.
Such a diet will not only help reduce weight, but also protect against sharp fluctuations in sugar levels.
To protect against diabetes, you need to eat a lot of fiber.
Dietary fiber fills the stomach and thus contributes to the emergence of a feeling of satiety, the release of digestive juices and increased absorption of food.
Tomato seeds GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, article No 4241014.
Low-growing early beef tomato with abundant fruiting for cultivation in the open ground and under temporary film shelters.
The plant is determinant, with short internodes.
The fruits are large, rich pink in color, quite dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by the leaves, well stored.
The flesh is juicy, with a sugar taste.
The hybrid is resistant to a complex of diseases.
Recommended for salads, appetizers and slicing.
Sowing for seedlings: in late March - early April.
Picking is in the phase of the first real leaf.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After planting in the open ground, the plants are formed and tied.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has class A energy efficiency, which allows you to consume significantly less electricity during operation.
The freezer is perfect for both a private house and an apartment due to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and excellent noise insulation in it.
the camera works no louder than a regular refrigerator.
The function of quick freezing freezes products in the shortest possible time, preserving the maximum amount of nutrients.
Freezer chest Slavda FC-160 corresponds to the climatic class N / ST, which allows it to work smoothly at room temperatures up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova told about the "weekend migraine" in workaholics
Several factors can lead to a deterioration in well-being on the weekend.
The reason for the deterioration of well-being after working days is often a "weekend migraine", said a well-known endocrinologist, candidate of medical sciences, senior researcher at the Faculty of Fundamental Medicine of Moscow State University, scientific director of the System Medicine Clinic Zukhra Pavlova in her telegram channel.
According to her, workaholics suffer especially often from this, who have a headache, weakness and weakness on weekends.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to the fatigue accumulated over a week, there are many objective reasons for the negative reaction of the body to changing conditions.
On the weekends, our lives change dramatically.
"We sleep for a long time, we lie on the couch all day, most likely we eat more, and we drink less," the doctor argued. - Due to the lack of coffee, a slight breakdown begins.
Because of overeating and lack of water , heaviness and weakness."
An additional role is played by a late rise.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, then a reaction will occur, which is called jet lag.
It occurs in travelers who cross multiple time zones.
To determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of well-being, Pavlova recommended to trace what changes the most over the weekend.
Mattress Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185.
Reinforced perimeter of foam of increased density significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
Mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of rigidity, the total height of the mattress is 23 cm.
The maximum permissible load per bed is up to 140 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring unit "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows you to correctly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring unit, an insulating layer of felt has been added, separating the fillers of the mattress and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 2 cm thick, giving additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
Cotton jacquard, quilted on artificial latex 2 cm thick and Hollcon 1 cm material, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress is a 1 cm thick layer of coconut coir and a layer of felt is used.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation provides complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of layers.
South African scientists said about the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
In South Africa, announced the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
Scientists in the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported on the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus infection.
It is estimated that it (the level of neutralization of "omicron") corresponds to the (level of) effectiveness of the vaccine of 22.5% against infection with symptoms, because of which ... the vaccine's ability to protect against infection is being questioned, according to the text of the study, published on the MedRxiv portal.
At the same time, experts clarified that the drug can save from the severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of the coronavirus could cause a new wave of the pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar in the usual products?
Sugar is not the best source of beneficial nutrients.
Its excess in the diet can lead to type II diabetes, as well as cause cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should take into account that under an unfamiliar word in the composition of the product can be indicated hidden sugar - an ingredient similar to sugar in calorie content, composition and glycemic index.
On the label can be presented several dozen names, in fact, denoting sugar.
Some of the most common and common names are glucose and fructose.
There may also be other hidden sugars such as dextrose (a sugar derived from corn), levulose (fruit sugar), molasses (black molasses), agave syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be not only in confectionery, but also in ketchup, in doctor's sausage, bread, etc.
As stated in Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar intake is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, as well as pay attention to the label and to many different names for sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but no matter what the ingredient in the product is called - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it is still sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar, since it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the package, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total amount of sugar can be significantly higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: gas will lose importance for Germany in 25 years
The new Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz said that gas imports are losing importance for Germany, as the country continues the transition to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal by 2045, becoming a climate-neutral country.
"That is, in 25 years the world will be such that the issue of gas transportation to Germany and Europe will play a different role," the chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany continues to be committed to Ukraine transporting Russian natural gas in the future, as at the moment this resource is important for the energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States made a statement in which Berlin's support for the energy transformation of Ukraine was recorded.
Earlier, German Foreign Minister Annalena Berbok said that the certification process of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline continues.
According to the minister, within the framework of coalition negotiations and discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that European energy law should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline does not yet "comply with the regulations" of the European Union.
Thank you for the interesting photos!
In 1985, I had to go to those parts.
I remember perfectly well the ChMEZ, rising from the Kanatchikovo station uphill, past an old building (similar to a centralization post, two-story), along Kanatchikovsky Proezd, and turning right onto Vavilov Street, to the factory gates ...
Hackers hacked twitter of the Prime Minister of India
Hackers broke into the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The attackers managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India allegedly recognized bitcoin as legal tender, and also that the country has already purchased cryptocurrency.
Modi's office was asked to ignore the new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter quickly reacted - access to the account was restored.
The page of the Prime Minister of India has already been hacked in 2020 and called for donations to the fund using cryptocurrency.
In a referendum in New Caledonia, a majority voted against independence
In New Caledonia, the third referendum, held on 12 December, ended with the same result as the previous two.
According to the first partial results, announced on Sunday, December 12, at noon, the majority of New Caledonia residents voted in a referendum against the independence of their territory.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote has become significantly lower than in the previous two.
According to preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) voted "for" the independence of New Caledonia from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted "against".
Turnout was 43.90%, in total, more than 80 thousand residents of New Caledonia took part in the elections.
As France-Presse comments on these interim results, "the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt," as supporters of independence urged voters not to participate in the vote.
Being the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that the new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic in the archipelago prevents a full-fledged and "honest" election campaign.
Thus, this non-participation paved the way for a third victory for supporters of French New Caledonia, following the referendums held in November 2018 and October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, in 2020 - 53.3%.
As stated by the separatists, they do not recognize the results of the last vote and will challenge them at the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, in the Elysee Palace, French President Emmanuel Macron should speak on the results of this referendum.
The theme of New Caledonia's independence has largely revived the final weeks of France's presidential campaign.
Several presidential candidates have spoken in favor of the territory remaining part of France, as it is "the last region of the European Union's presence in the Pacific."
"New Caledonia must remain French," Eric Zemmour repeatedly repeated.
The same statement was made by the Republican candidate Valérie Pecresse, who in late October published a column in Le Figaro, urging Caledonians to remain French.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take a position "because it is not his responsibility."
However, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "a strong desire that the choice of caledonians be the choice of France."
Sveta, oh, hello!
I'll tell you a little bit... A lot of rude, still embarrassing, ashamed.
Thank you for not turning your back on my channel.
On the subject: I'm not an artist, I love to draw, but it turns out to be an inspired daub.
But as an artist - not an artist at all: what would be changed here?
Just don't forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity wasn't as common as it is now.
But medicine was at zero - leeches, garlic and decoctions.
Now they would be put on their feet in a flash.
And food has absolutely nothing to do with it.
Turkey tested the world's first drone with laser weapons
In Turkey, the world's first drone with laser weapons was successfully tested.
UAV "Eren" was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 m, reports "MIR24".
The device is able to neutralize explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum flight altitude of the novelty reaches 3 thousand m.
After passing the relevant tests, the UAV should enter service with the Turkish military, which will use it to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of sappers.
The agency emphasizes that Turkey is among the six countries in the world capable of developing and producing their own drones.
I cut pink salmon with steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper peas and allspice peas.
Sometimes I added cloves, it does not interfere.
In a deep cup, I covered the top with a saucer.
Well, that's kind of it.
And why do I need this salmon, for such money you do not know what, pink salmon is an excellent fish.
Bread, butter, pink salmon.
Awesome sandwich.
WSJ readers criticized the article about relations between Russia and the United States
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized an article by Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the material expressed concern that the West allegedly sacrifices Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow, and made a number of offensive statements about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the end, Hartwell called on Western countries to "present a united front against Russia."
Readers of the WSJ expressed their disagreement with the position of the American professor.
"There is quite a lot of false information in this article," RIA Novosti quoted one reader as saying.
"Europe is not ours to 'lose' it, and Ukraine is not our land.
The U.S. and NATO allies will never go to nuclear war with Russia for Ukraine," another said.
Patches can also be applied to the lips.
Used in the production of Patches Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch, the hydrogel is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorption and transfer to the skin of highly concentrated natural plant essence, fits snugly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
When transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the concomitant loss of moisture and causes the essence to penetrate into the deeper layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with Nores Remote Control
The 2085/EL luminaire of the NORES series consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic diffuser.
The material of the diffuser is a high-quality white matte color acrylic, providing the luminaire with uniform scattering and good light transmission.
The shape of the lampshade: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots that give the included lamp a beautiful effect of "star shimmer" and transfusion.
The degree of protection IP43 allows the use of the luminaire in certain areas of wet rooms.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with 72 W lenses, which corresponds to a 520 W incandescent lamp.
As well as a remote control, with the help of which a smooth change in the color temperature of 3000-6000K, a change in brightness, a transition to the mode of switching warm / white / cold / night light is carried out.
Uriage Facial mask moisturizing thermal night 50 ml.
An ultra-moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rested and radiant skin in the morning!
A real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tones, smoothes the skin relief and restores the skin barrier.
Very nice water-gel texture without stickiness.
An excellent skin care product after active sun exposure!
Hypoallergenic.
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred in the area of the Kuril Islands
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 231.8 km north-east of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
The focus lay at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier, seismologists recorded an earthquake of magnitude 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to break into people, it is not known where his petty-bourgeois thinking would have gone.
It's good when you came to America as a famous person.
And if you were born there, you don't know what you would fight for.
So in vain he poured mud, bile and poison in a formation that no one has yet come up with a fairer one.
Ukraine will begin to produce jet drones of a new generation
The new Ukrainian-Turkish plant will begin to create jet unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) of the ANKA type.
This was announced on December 11 by a freelance adviser to the head of the office of the Ukrainian president, Oleksiy Arestovich.
That is, they are able to act against air objects, against other drones.
Even against manned aviation.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of the Turkish avionics: the hull and the like," Dialog.ua quoted him as saying.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA devices, Arestovich said that we are talking about jet, not piston UAVs.
According to him, this is a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceed it "in all characteristics."
The first batch of UAVs should be produced by the plant at the end of next year, Arestovich concluded.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014 of the year.
The development of the drone has been carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
On the eve of the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems during military operations of the joint forces in the Donbass.
On December 6, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said that the construction of a plant for the manufacture of modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kyiv region, which will conduct personnel training, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish Bayraktar UAVs.
The press service of the office of the Ukrainian leader called this memorandum "a big real step forward."
At the airport, two lions escaped from a container
Lions escaped at Singapore's Changi Airport.
This is reported by The Straits Times.
Two predators managed to get out of the container with seven lions, which arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were going.
One of the runaway lions lay down on the roof of the container.
The animals could not move away from it because of the protective net installed nearby.
The confrontation ended after the arrival at the airport of employees of the organization Mandai Wildlife Group, which manages all Singapore zoos.
They have immobilized the lions with the help of darts with a tranquilizer and plan to take them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, the lion ran away from the owner and walked through the streets of the city.
On the same day, the animal voluntarily returned home, people were not injured.
Experts warned about the threat of cancer due to vitamin B9
Research suggests that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
This was warned by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people who do not lack folic acid are less likely to develop certain types of cancer, in particular, colorectal.
However, exceeding the required dose, on the contrary, contributes to the growth of cancer cells.
Professor of the University of Alabama at Birmingham, nutritionist Beth Kitchin advises to monitor the amount of folic acid consumed during the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only if you significantly deviate from this figure upwards or downwards.
Kitchin recommends not taking vitamin B9 tablets without a doctor's recommendation, be sure to monitor the dosage and avoid flakes with milk and other foods that contain folic acid.
Earlier, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Since it is, among other things, found in avocados, Fine recommended that men after 50 years of age eat this fruit more often.
In the UK, by April, about 75 thousand people could die because of the omicron strain
Forecasts of British scientists show that due to the spread of the omicron strain of coronavirus in the next five months in England, up to 75 thousand people may die, if restrictive measures are not tightened in the winter.
This was reported by the newspaper The Guardian, citing a study by experts of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), reports TASS.
According to the most optimistic forecast of specialists who are part of the scientific advisory group on emergency situations under the British Cabinet of Ministers, by April 2022 at least 25 thousand deaths due to the omicron strain will be recorded in the country, and about 175 thousand patients will be hospitalized in total.
At the same time, at the peak of the incidence, hospitals will receive more than 2 thousand infected daily.
"Serious measures to combat the coronavirus may be needed to prevent the NHS from being overwhelmed if the omicron strain proves to be more contagious than the delta variant and current vaccines fail to rule out infections," said mathematician Rosanna Barnard of LSHTM.
Earlier, the UK Health Safety Agency informed that if the rate of spread of the omicron strain continues at the current level, then by the end of the year about 1 million cases of infection will be detected in the country.
At the same time, by mid-December, the omicron strain may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
At the moment, 1898 cases of infection with the omicron strain of coronavirus have been detected in the UK, of which 633 have been identified over the past day.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sajid Javid, indicated that in reality this figure could already reach 10 thousand cases.
I wanted to write some clever comment, but I read it to this point:
"A fur coat obtained as a result of the incredible suffering of an unfortunate animal and his employment for a second job."
And it fell under the table!
It turns out that the "unfortunate animal" is the husband, and I thought it was a chinchilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Kray, judging by the dislikes, the thoughts you express are not very accessible to the majority.
What did you mean - that those who are on Instagram are pretending or they definitely have time to do everything, because they have no need to pretend?
NW is like a clothing drain, everything that did not go away at the time turns out to be here.
If you set a goal and dig deeply, then among the rubbish you can find something cool.
You just need to be patient and clearly understand what you are looking for.
Demand for superyachts increased in the world by a quarter
The construction of superyachts this year and orders for next year are breaking all records in the world, despite calls to reduce the hydrocarbon footprint and combat climate change.
In the world register of ships, the number of yachts ordered amounted to 1200 units - a quarter more than last year.
In the era of fighting the effects of climate change for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, it is difficult to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for a floating fortress for $ 50 million pounds and above will not decrease, writes "Guardian".
However, there are more and more of them.
This year, 25% more vessels were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokers say there hasn't been such a rush in the market in 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht fear infection on land and prefer to hide from the pandemic aboard their own vessel.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If earlier all these people went to the office and met with business partners in person, now the vast majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are conducted via Zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards are taking orders for new yachts for 2025 and beyond.
This means that customers are willing to pay more, if only their yacht was ready at least a year or two earlier.
"People just crave freedom, and the super-rich could afford it," he says.
In Western society, many criticize this behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, sociologists say, do not want to understand that in times of deprivation, traveling to space, living on yachts or flying on their own planes cause irritation in society, since the elite does not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are calling on governments to act and proposing new taxes and regulations for the super-rich, although they understand that with such money mobility, it will be extremely difficult to implement.
Meanwhile, only the number of super-yachts ordered is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1200 vessels, 27 have a stern length above 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke is building a yacht REV Ocean with a length of 183 meters.
After launching, it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a "lunar pool", as well as a submarine designed to study the depths of the sea.
On existing super-yachts, helicopter sites, open-air cinemas have become commonplace, and on some of them, such as on the yacht of the wrestler McGregor - a platform for martial arts.Professor of Economic Anthropology at the American University in Indiana Richard Wilk says that compared to the total number of greenhouse gas selections, the carbon footprint produced by the super-rich is insignificant.
But it has a symbolic meaning when you consider that there are just over 2,000 multi-billionaires in the world.
This is just another example of overconsumption by a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emission trail of billionaires is thousands of times greater than the footprint of the average inhabitant of the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, then the largest polluter of the planet Roman Abramovich is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two-thirds of the emission trail fell on his yacht Eclipse with a length of 162.5 meters.
Even if the owner is not on board the yacht, the team continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the command to drive the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean Sea to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners don't elicit other people's sympathy when they, like Australia's richest woman, Gina Reinhard, who owns mines on the continent, complain via YouTube that there is no mooring space for their giant ships.
It's also hard to understand her call to build marinas for 50-meter-old vessels.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol leading to the development of bowel cancer has been determined
American scientists have determined how much alcoholic beverages per week increases the risk of developing cancer.
This is written by the Daily Express.
Experts came to the conclusion that the use of four or more servings of alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of developing oncology.
In this case, the likelihood of developing the disease increases with an increase in the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, moderate drinkers have a higher risk of bowel cancer than women.
The exact reason for the development of this type of oncology, scientists can not determine, noting only that certain factors lead to a detrimental process for the body.
Thanks to the author for the worthy material and photo.
Sergey, I don't see anything wrong with selfishness and pride.
Just like you do not see selfishness and pride in a man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to burden her with expenses and responsibility, and to enjoy the title of father at a safe distance.
Why do they work in the ministry, they have a place in the circus.
I understand that everything should have been on a royal scale, but the model is very exaggerated.
It is even difficult to imagine how poor Diana was shoved into a carriage, and indeed any movement.
I was 12 years old and I remember the ceremony being shown on TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful lush dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at this dress, I changed my mind about being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old
Many, or rather all dog lovers are sure that these creatures are very intelligent.
But even they do not realize how four-legged pets are actually developed.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out for sure how developed intelligence in animals is.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, a new study proves that a dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The works of scientists were published in the publication Sciencealert.
Dogs cannot play chess or compose poems, do not understand anything about politics, economics and art, meanwhile they often manage to fool their owners.
Representatives of some breeds, experts say, show better results in understanding the words of human language, but statistical data for accurate conclusions are not yet enough.
So, some breeds are traditionally considered dog geniuses - for example, Labradors.
Scientists came to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and the ability to learn is not inferior to a two-year-old child.
Mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
Mattress on an independent spring unit TFK with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent TFK unit.
This is a reliable modern design of 512 independent springs for the bed.
Each spring is in a separate bag and has no effect on the neighboring ones.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person takes a natural form during sleep.
Springs for strength are insulated from the upper layers by thermal felt.
On top of the felt are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and excellent properties.
One side is complemented by a thin layer of natural semizonal latex.
This natural filler has 7 comfort zones, contributes to the perception of human weight, has a slight massage effect.
The Antistress case is made of velour quilted for 250 g of holcone per square meter. meter.
It is pleasant to the touch and appearance, has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a prime example is Axel's deep-sea angler.
Some of its victims are so great that they cause the death of the angler.
He simply cannot swallow them, and his teeth do not allow him to spit out too much prey back into the water.
If you don't care about the fate of your property in the amount of four objects, then why did you decide that your objects are of interest to someone and he will take care of them?
Today, the law gives you the opportunity to manage your property.
Manage yourself if you don't like how others do it.
In Ukraine, prepared for bargaining the United States and Russia
The United States and Russia will "bargain" over Ukraine's entry into NATO, analyst Alexander Kochetkov said in his article for Glavred.
In his opinion, Washington and Moscow in the near future plan to continue negotiations on the guarantees of the United States that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of the American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries to "go anywhere."
If you are offered something obviously unacceptable, well, for example, to sell a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not bargain, but simply send an offerer.
And in relation to Ukraine, bargaining is planned," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks dialogue with Kiev.
"Preparations are carried out secretly, quickly and immediately move to offensive actions, and do not wait until the group is detected and deployed by counteraction forces," he said.
China stimulates the development of the railway transport industry
Advanced Chinese technology attracted the attention of companies from the UNITED STATES, Germany, France and other countries at the China International Rail Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Exhibition 2021, held in Zhuzhou, Hunan Province (Central China).
The main technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow trains to automatically identify and diagnose technical malfunctions, said Hou Zhaowen, a representative of the company.
High-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway line, which was put into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and operability of rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased exports of rail vehicles and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed".
In May of this year, the first double-decker high-speed electric trains developed in China, intended for export to Europe, came off the production line of CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, the trial operation of the metro train developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey began.
The train will follow the metro line connecting the center of Istanbul with the city's airport.
Traffic on this metro line will be opened next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey at a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"China's railway equipment manufacturing industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness," said Feng Yaoxiang, head of the Trade and Investment Department of the China International Trade Promotion Committee (ICSRMT).
"This industry is the main competitive advantage of China's production of high-end equipment in the global market," Feng Yaoxiang said.
After more than 60 years of hard work, having conducted a number of independent research and development, China has established an advanced system for the production of equipment for railway transport, with a full range of auxiliary means and with large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoxiang, the country ranks first in terms of the level of electrification of railways and in terms of operational mileage on high-speed and urban railways.
The biologist listed the early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin in an interview with Sputnik radio listed the early signs of dementia.
According to him, signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a number of mild cognitive impairments, such as inability to concentrate, plan, a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
There is currently a debate that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence, the specialist said.
Golosheykin stressed that the causes of dementia can be neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of the cerebral vessels are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that today doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
According to him, learning foreign languages and active communication will help reduce the risk of developing dementia.
WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly training cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking.
"There are recommendations for the use of various dietary supplements, but their effectiveness and expediency are still being discussed in the scientific community," Golosheikin said.
"The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and the logic of thinking," Golosheikin said.
Earlier, the dementia research charity in the UK said the disease was increasingly affecting people in their 40s.
Doctors called the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first alarming sign can be considered vision problems, because of which the patient acquires difficulties in recognizing objects.
Another sign of developing dementia, experts called aphasia - a condition when a person cannot find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
Neurologist demanded to send Saakashvili for treatment abroad
Former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili needs psycho-nervous treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze, who is part of the council of doctors established under the Georgian Ombudsman, told reporters.
His [Saakashvili's] neurological status is leading in his disease.
Stable problems are problems with movement, coordination, variability of character," the specialist said, noting that this does not go beyond the regulatory framework and now the ex-president needs to be sent to special rehabilitation.
"We call this neurorehabilitation and psychonervous rehabilitation, the possibility of which we did not find in Georgia," Toidze said, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution that does not exist in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began to sabotage the receipt of medical care after prison officers subjected him to disciplinary punishment.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to abolish the punishment and restore himself to his former rights.
Alexandra, "Do you also take money for this?" - I wonder where such people come from...
it's okay to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we eat prana?
There's another side of the coin.
These people are parasites on the body of society.
They do not work, do not pay taxes, live on benefits and at the expense of their relatives.
At the same time, they receive full medical care.
How many mouths can a worker feed?
We feed all alcoholics, drug addicts, who also lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we are surprised by the extension of the retirement age.
These amounts could be spent on the treatment of really sick people.
Of course, the red flag of Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and there is no need to mix it with the state flag.
The red flag has a downside, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it can never be a state flag again.
It's time for the author to get involved with provocative articles, it's time for the red to calm down and start living a normal life, not the past.
Protests against COVID passports held in Spain
In the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, protests were held against the mandatory certificate of vaccination against COVID-19, reports Europa Press.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action was approximately 3 thousand people.
In Barcelona, COVID passports have become mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and nightlife venues.
Many demonstrators came to the rally without masks.
With slogans on their posters, they accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respect for the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination passports will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
Protesters in this city declared a medical dictatorship, and vaccination was called an experiment.
In Spain, since the beginning of the pandemic, more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been identified, more than 88 thousand patients have died.
In Russia, it is also planned to introduce restrictions for the unvaccinated.
The government submitted bills on a unified system of QR codes to the State Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to visit the venues of mass events, cultural institutions, catering and retail facilities with the presentation of either a certificate of vaccination or a previous disease, or a medical exemption from vaccination.
The same rules will be established for travel by train and plane.
Brazier Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast with glass lid.
Cast brazier with non-stick coating Anthracite TM Tradition.
The dishes are intended for daily use at home.
The exceptional strength and durability of the non-stick coating, equivalent in resistance to natural stone, is designed specifically for intensive use for every day.
Thick-walled cast body.
Five-layer non-stick coating system of the latest generation.
Premium coating enhanced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection against burning.
It has a good non-stick quality for easy and pleasant cooking of healthy dishes without oil and fat.
At least 4000 thousand cooking cycles, subject to the rules of operation.
Suitable for all types of cookers, except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each product is 4 years (subject to the rules of operation 4 years for the case and 1 year for non-stick coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Pots and braziers can be used in the oven without a glass lid.
Easy to wash.
Logically, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and rarely gets sick (once or twice a year of ARVI), then his immunity is normal.
Immunomodulators are generally not recommended by doctors for prevention in principle.
Immunity is maintained by a healthy diet and regimen plus sports.
Based on this, vaccination against influenza and this COVID is meaningless.
Anti-aerosol filter 3M 5925.
Degree of protection FFP2, 2 pcs.
Article No. 713946.
Replaceable FFP2 filter for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 and 3M full-face masks.
Provides protection of the user's airways from various substances in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier to infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions where the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used to protect against bacteria/viruses together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The protection class FFP2 has a MAC index of more than 0.05 mg / cubic meter. m3, with a maximum concentration of the pollutant 12 x MPC.
Respirators of this class of protection are able to retain at least 94% of harmful substances.
Prefilters are attached to gas mask filters using a 3M 501 holder.
Features: low breathing resistance.
Does not obstruct the view.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half-masks, as well as 3M full-face masks.
Compatibility with other PPE required in difficult working conditions is ensured.
The gouged-out eyes of the "constitutional monarch", judging by the network, did not only bother me.
And this family PR - children, father ...
Revva somehow seemed nothing to me.
He only knew that the Hare was pestering Batrukh da Batrukh.
Well, I found out, I said once, and be silent, let a friend prove himself, for that they fought.
Steep climb: how the Chinese become skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create international resorts in the country
China hopes that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to winter sports, which will allow to collect the 1 trillion yuan designated by President Xi Jinping, but also contribute to the economic development of backward remote provinces.
Taiwu Ski Resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the site of the Winter Olympics, is becoming increasingly popular with the Chinese.
In addition to the construction of infrastructure in the region, landscaping works are also carried out: workers plant trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
In many regions of China where resorts are located, including Zhangjiakou, there are problems with snow.
The main task for the long term is to provide a comfortable and interesting holiday at Chinese resorts, so that all beginners become regulars.
However, this is still a long way off.
Justin Downs, an adviser on the organization of the Games, says that since his last visit in 2007, the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition.
Every year in winter, more and more Chinese go to the slopes.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
Despite the major changes, it will take many more years to create a ski culture here, Downes said.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions have yet to be actively developed and the necessary infrastructure for recreation has been created there.
Gao Makong, 70, lives in Chungli, near the venues of the Winter Olympics.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chungli, now none of the locals suffer without work.
More and more shops selling clothes and equipment for winter sports are opening in the country.
On the slopes open catering points with dishes of national cuisine.
Taiwoo now even has a COVID-19 testing station.
China is striving to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes should become leaders in major international competitions, and resorts and equipment should reach the world level.
More than 500 million people in the world may face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, said the WHO
More than 500 million people in the world could be plunged into extreme poverty due to the coronavirus pandemic, which has slowed down human progress on universal access to health services, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB) said.
On the occasion of International Universal Health Coverage Day on 12 December, WHO and WB published two complementary reports.
In them, they stated that the pandemic led to disruptions in the provision of medical services, caused excessive stress in health care systems.
In this regard, for the first time in 10 years, immunization coverage has decreased, mortality from tuberculosis and malaria has increased.
The WHO and the World Bank stressed that the pandemic caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, so it became more difficult for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than 500 million people "into extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services out of pocket."
In October, UN Secretary-General António Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic has pushed more than 100 million people into poverty, more than four billion people have almost no social support.
Planer Makita KP0810
Official dealer of Makita.
The powerful motor is ideal for folding.
Light weight and excellent balance.
Use of both standard and double-sided mini-blades.
Easy quick blade installation system.
New ergonomic case design, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the effect of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-slots for chamfering of different sizes.
Sawdust removal system of choice: to the left or right side.
Wife, it's the meat of a fur dewdrop.
It's a terrible thing.
Bats with pangolins have already been fed up, jellyfish have begun.
Oh, how many more wonderful discoveries can be prepared by moles, praying mantises, some lemmings of some kind.
Reuters: Taiwanese minister was disconnected from broadcast at the "Summit for Democracy" at the request of the White House
Taiwan's digital technology minister Audrey Tan's speech at a panel discussion during the U.S.-organized "Summit for Democracy" was switched to a non-video mode, according to a recording of the summit on YouTube.
Reuters, citing sources, claims that the picture was turned off at the request of the White House.
According to them, the reason was the map, on which Taiwan was highlighted in a separate color from the PRC, which considers the island its territory.
The map, which was shown by Ms Tan, was compiled by the South African non-governmental organization CIVICUS and ranked the countries of the world according to the degree of civil rights.
Taiwan was highlighted in green as "free", and the PRC, North Korea, Laos and Vietnam - in red, as "closed".
After the minister showed the map, the picture on her part was replaced by a screenshot with a note that the opinions of the participants in the discussion "do not necessarily express the position of the US government."
The PRC was not invited to the "Summit for Democracy".
Reuters sources note that the map shown by the Taiwanese minister could go against the "one-China" policy, which Washington adheres to.
One of the agency's sources said that after the demonstration of the map, the US National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The Washington-organized "Summit for Democracy" was held from December 9 to 10 with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil society associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" of the summit, Nobel Peace Prize laureate, editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta Dmitry Muratov called for the creation of an international fund through which money obtained through corruption would be given to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Russian Security Council Yuri Averyanov said that the summit carried an "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge."
You are served as if they are cooking food, and there is rotten meat everywhere, in fact, the meat to the last piece remains with the butcher.
The classic of journalism is to create news out of nothing.
They boil not meat, but horns and hooves, obtaining a substance such as glue.
The finished product looks like a yellow translucent strip almost odorless and hard as plastic, used as natural gelatin.
In general, harmful substances from the processing of garbage are no less than from its decomposition.
But this saves companies huge amounts of money.
Therefore, a fairy tale about ecology was invented for suckers, who will also work on garbage collection for free for an idea.
Personally, my contribution to the environment is the refusal to purchase unnecessary and long-term use of things.
If I go beyond the limits, I do not throw it away, but give it to charity.
Football shorts Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016, white/black (XL).
Description: football game shorts are perfect for playing football and playing sports.
Shorts have a straight comfortable cut.
A wide belt in combination with an adjustment cord provides a comfortable fit.
The fabric is characterized by high strength, durability, lightness and good breathability, meeting the requirements of the game at any level.
The updated brand logo is on the left side.
The shorts are packed in a convenient reusable bag with a flap-clasp.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide belt with lace, strong durable fabric, good breathability.
Characteristics.
Crawl into specialties that allow you to work over the Internet.
In our country, many people get out by working for their uncles, but abroad.
But because of the difference in currencies, it is profitable for us.
As for other countries, we are still poor.
Of course, you will have to learn different things, but... work on the network allows you not to depend on the domestic labor market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And the ones that it creates , and you can't really make money on them.
Set of dining "Egoist-unity" with gilding (4 items).
The collection "Royal Childhood" is one of the widest and most famous collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and pacifiers, sippy cups and mugs.
All children's silver devices undergo strict quality control.
Ecological silver produced directly at the factory, careful manual polishing with cotton rollers make the products absolutely safe for the child.
Due to the disinfectant function of silver, regular use of silver appliances can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some of the typical childhood diseases.
Specialists of the factory received a grant for the use of a complex, but very beautiful guilloche technique, which was used by the famous Carl Faberge.
This made it possible to create surprisingly bright and three-dimensional images on the products.
The collection is full of cute characters who will become true friends for the child.
Inca Squirrel, everything will be fine.
There's a second lung.
Lung tissue regenerates well, if not all are removed, the remaining lobe will grow.
If it is a pulmonectomy, then the second lung will eventually become larger and will function for two.
Try to breathe fully yourself, fathers are stronger than daughters, they do not really like tears.
Don't cry ahead of time.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
The New Shepard spacecraft of Blue Origin with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, broadcast on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended to Earth, tass reports.
The launch of the launch vehicle was carried out from the spaceport near the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to a height of just over 100 km, space tourists were in a state of weightlessness.
The launch vehicle itself landed normally on the site of the cosmodrome.
On July 20, Blue Origin successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard spacecraft with passengers on board.
SKETCHES OF A VILLAGE MUSCOVITE.
Do not need to be in one heap - bad people happen, you can have claims to them for a specific reason ...
but what does the number of children, age, pension fund and so on have to do with it?
Write that they are "scoundrels, did not return the money."
But how many and when they have children is not your business, until they are going to hang these children around your neck.
And since that's out of the question, what right do you have to condemn them?
I guess it's only in education so...
Chosen (by themselves) parents dictate their own rules, frankly ignoring the existing ones.
And if this also applies to other spheres of life, judicial proceedings, etc.?
For them, the laws are not written.
What if dad does implement his own method of upbringing and education?
It's creepy and the example for others is very bad.
Embroidery kit "Feathered Stars" DESIGN WORKS 2719.
Composition of the set: canvas Aida 14 ct dark blue color, floss, sequins, sequins, needle, scheme, instructions.
The production of Design Works has its origin since 1987 and to this day is popular all over the world.
Many motifs are worked out by such a famous designer as Ronald West.
Design Works cross stitch kits are equipped with high-quality Aida canvas, 100% cotton floss and tapestry needle No. 24.
Also in the assortment you will find sets for embroidery on plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, tracks and tablecloths and much more.
China strengthens prevention and control of COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land checkpoints are located
The Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular ordering to strengthen the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land checkpoints are located, in order to further prevent the importation of infection from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must provide a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test result obtained within 48 hours of departure.
Those who come to cities where land checkpoints are located must take at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be in force from the day when the relevant provincial-level administrative units define and publish the zones of these cities, until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities in which land checkpoints are located and which meet certain conditions may consider the possibility of creating buffer zones for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisiya Sokolova, as usual, attracts Russian women to the eastern ethnic group according to Indian films, which only in Russia were played in cinemas.
In the west, no one watched this nonsense with the natives.
And how many such towns and villages are forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, SKU: 5110704.
Composition of layers of the mattress RelaxFoam 2 cm: aloe-latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe-latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
Cover - knitwear Splendid.
Knitted fabric made of cotton has a special design.
The base is braided with special synthetic threads that provide special strength and softness of the material.
The honeycomb weaving structure supports natural thermoregulation and moisture removal during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/sq. m.
Mattress Dimax OK Basis, size 130x185.
Spring orthopedic mattress OK Basis is one of the most affordable models in the line.
Practical filler Balance Foam gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time leaves the price at a budget level.
This product is the optimal combination of price and quality.
Balance foam is a modern material that is obtained from PU foam.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
That is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much tougher than Russian ones.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedics: the material maintains the correct position of a person throughout the time of sleep.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has acquired a hardness below the average level, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be quite soft.
The main bearing unit in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is remarkable for the content of independent springs, there are 256 elements per square meter at once.
The practical unit can withstand a weight of up to 100 kg per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, enhancing the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
The manufacturer provides a choice between a spring unit with a height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final cost.
Be sure to indicate your preferences when ordering to the store operator.
The mattress comes in a knitted case, along with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is non-removable.
The orthopedic foam that is used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Wall lamp Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Perfect for rooms such as the living room.
The main part of the luminaire is made of metal.
The lighting fixture comes in color: gold.
Lamps with E14 cap are used in the luminaire.
The total capacity allows you to illuminate about 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this lamp for rooms decorated in the style of "Classics".
The Foreign Ministry told about the "sad conclusion" in relations between Russia and the United States
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov in an interview with Izvestia assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long way of interaction led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not begin yesterday.
There is a one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of some prospect of improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion after the long journey that we have passed with the current administration, with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday," the diplomat said.
According to Ryabkov, the problems are connected with the desire of the United States to impose approaches on Russia on many issues.
The deputy foreign minister added that he would not dare to give optimistic forecasts about the prospects for improving relations and would not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that with the exception of such areas as strategic stability and cybersecurity, there is no progress.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach to international security issues and hopes that the signals will be heard, and the Americans will listen to the arguments of common sense.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov at a meeting with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said that Moscow is ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
Virologist Warns of Dangers of Covid Nasal Drug Vaccination Outside Hospitals
Those vaccinated with the nasal vaccine against COVID-19 may have allergies and need the help of doctors, so the first points for vaccination with this drug should not be organized at airports and shopping centers.
This was reported to TASS by virologist, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the laboratory of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virology of Novosibirsk State University Sergey Netesov.
It is easier to organize nasal vaccine vaccination points at airports and shopping centers, but I would do this at first only in medical institutions.
The fact is that the likelihood of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine is there, it is small, but it is desirable that the person then sits next to the doctor's office.
Doctors have special sets of antiallergic drugs that act literally in a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary," Netesov said.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping centers when experience in using the drug is accumulated.
He also stressed that when using a nasal vaccine, it is important that it gets on the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
At the same time, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the vaccinated with nasal congestion blows his nose after injection.
Painting by numbers on canvas, anime "blade dissecting demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring pages by numbers are interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many people like to draw, but sometimes there are not enough abilities or skills.
This simple, but very exciting activity allows you to relax, realize your creative potential and create masterpieces with your own hands.
In the assortment there are many unusual paintings and "unbeaten" subjects!
We develop relevant stories on our own and try to make the result please you!
It's that simple!
When painting, the contours applied to the canvas will not "float", they do not dissolve with water.
Each segment is numbered so as not to get lost in the colors.
The picture in the finished form will become a bright element of the situation, the highlight of the interior, attracting attention at first sight.
But this picture was not painted by some artist.
You drew it yourself.
With your own hands!
Serbia produces 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian vaccine Sputnik V, the country's Minister of Innovation and Technological Development Nenad Popovic told TASS.
"The State Institute of Torlac has so far produced about 2 million doses of the Sputnik V vaccine, we expect that at least 4 million will be produced in the coming period," Popovich said.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among Serbs.
In this regard, the republic plans to make an additional purchase of a million doses of the vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production of the nasal vaccine "Sputnik V" and the drug "Sputnik Light" on the territory of the state.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that the Russian Federation has supplied Serbia with almost two million doses of the domestic vaccine against coronavirus infection "Sputnik V".
Lamas are said to make up the church.
Whether these true believers exist or not, we cannot know.
Each of us would like to be such a true believer, and everyone tries to be one.
But no one should say to themselves or to those who believe as they do, that they are the only true believers.
Because if they can say to themselves that they are true believers, then so can others.
Mattress Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145x190.
Mattress Prime Orto S1000 with different sides of rigidity, total height of the mattress 22 cm.
The maximum permissible load per bed is up to 150 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring unit "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows the springs to properly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring unit, an insulating layer of felt has been added, separating the fillers of the mattress and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 3 cm high, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress, a layer of coconut coir 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm is added.
Natural latex has an anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The cover of the mattress is made of cotton jacquard, quilted on environmentally friendly material Hollcon.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation provides complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four comfortable handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress around the perimeter is additionally reinforced with an artificial latex frame, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., Could you please remind me of the style of the marathon at the 2021 World Cup?
Do you see the track that the participants of the race must finish in the classic style?
Attention, the question is - what is Klebo doing to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get to the track if he was walking behind on the turn in front of the alignment?
And the "best finisher" at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It was a long time ago...
I was, and in fact I wasn't a driver.
I had a license, but I didn't know how to drive.
We offered to go 250 km in one direction on MAZ!
Young, bad, agreed.
The owner is nearby, drinking vodka, I'm going.
First, as king, he took the axial!
A column lined up behind me.
Missed.
Then the belt on the GUR broke.
Then the traffic cops stopped us.
There was a convoy organized, and their car broke down.
Need to be towed.
The owner of the MAZ explained that he was drunk, driving inexperienced.
And to him - how drunk are you?
You don't stumble, you don't fall.
Ahead of us with flashing lights and forward!
In my opinion, it does not come out of the advertisement whether he should grieve.
Singers about the same: about the return of the retirement age.
For a long time, all budgets have been drawn up taking into account the billions lost by pre-pensioners.
Who is telling them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1239 cases of omicron strain of coronavirus - RT were recorded per day Russian
During the day in the UK, 1239 cases of infection with a new omicron strain of coronavirus were identified.
This is reported by Sky News.
In particular, 1196 new cases of the "omicrone" strain were recorded in England, 38 people fell ill with a new type of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of COVID-19 cases from the new strain in the UK has reached 3137.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine in a pessimistic forecast calculated that in England by April, due to the outbreak of coronavirus caused by the omicron strain, 75 thousand people could die.
Peskov warned about the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Press Secretary of the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in the event of the continuation of "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including because of the alleged "invasion" of the country.
"It is impossible to impose any restrictions against Russia and not to experience suffering yourself," the official representative of the Kremlin said on the TV channel "Russia 1".
Peskov claims that this is "understood by everyone in the world."
Earlier it was reported that the United States is considering the possibility of introducing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as an extreme measure.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to impose restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars against Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, the head of Sberbank, German Gref, is sure that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - appropriately adequate comments!
Something from these simple to nauseating recipes is already nauseous.
Apparently, the ideas are over.
Even in the distant days of childhood, my mother baked delicious pies and cakes, and it did not come to mind a piece of bread smeared with jam to compare with a cake.
Ksenia, you do not need to convey anything to my mind, my mind must figure it out for itself!
"Inability of the mind separated from spirit to perceive" - this is what you are talking about?!
Imagine that you need to explain this on the fingers of an unthinking child, how do you do it?!
(Keep in mind that a child under 3-5 years old still has channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you!)
The inhabitants of New Caledonia rejected the idea of independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, the overwhelming majority of participants refused to secede from France.
This was reported on December 12 by the French TV channel BFM. TV.
96.5% of voters voted against independence.
Independence from France was supported by 3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific.
2.99% of the ballots were annulled.
The level of participation in the voting on this day was very low: about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polling stations.
According to experts, the low turnout is explained by the calls of the separatists to refuse to participate in the referendum because of the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, the people of New Caledonia voted against independence from France in a referendum.
In 2018, a referendum on independence was already held in the region.
The majority of residents supported the presence of the archipelago as part of France.
New Caledonia is located almost 20 thousand kilometers from mainland France.
In 1853, France declared New Caledonia its possession.
About 270 thousand people live on the archipelago, the territory is endowed with a special administrative-territorial status.
There is a 1998 agreement between Paris and the administration of New Caledonia, according to which the region can organize a vote on its independence twice with a difference of two years.
Boris, if you don't know history, don't write.
The name of the city of Arsk comes from the Bulgar-Tatar word "artysh" (juniper).
Udmurts (Aryans in Tatar) live in the northern districts of the Baltasinsky, Kukmorsky districts.
Udmurts are beautiful, hardworking people, they have preserved their language, they live in friendship with the Tatars, they know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that the Motherland will not give up.
Fools shouting "cheerful slogans" will throw it.
I tell you this with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't spit in the well, maybe you'll have to get drunk!
WHO tentatively considers "omicrone" less dangerous than "delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) tentatively believes that "omicrone" is less dangerous than the delta strain of coronavirus.
At the same time, there is evidence of a decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines in case of a new variant of COVID-19.
According to information as of December 9, "omicron" is registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and a significantly altered antigenic protein profile of the omicron strain suggest a decrease in the effectiveness of the vaccine against infection and transmission of the variant.
According to preliminary findings from South Africa, it is assumed that it ("the severity of the disease" - ed.) may be less severe than with the "delta", - said in a technical message WHO.
The organization notes that so far all registered cases of infection with "omicron" in the EU are mild or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain, according to preliminary data, spreads faster than the "delta".
In Russia, two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been registered.
They "had previously been immunized," the Gamaleya Center reported.
The head of Rospotrebnadzor Anna Popova said that so far there is no reliable data that the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the rest.
In fact, the lack of sun for us southern people is very critical.
In the 10 days we spent in St. Petersburg one day in November, we saw the sun for the first time when our plane flying back took off above the clouds.
Then I just realized what I was constantly missing in beautiful St. Petersburg.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To know what he did not know - with his eyes, mouth and skin to drink space!
Who in the ocean sees only water,
He on earth does not notice the mountains.
Your World of Adventure +7 905 989 9172 What's App
Siberian Expeditions - we are able to spoil even the worst mood for you!
Svetlana S., no, there is no such thing - they do not succumb.
If your loved one, with whom you are going to live all your life, does not succumb to your requests, then he is a parasite who does not want to give in return as much as he takes.
And the problem with women is that they themselves are slowly and quietly taking everything on themselves.
And who is to blame here if she grabbed the goose herself?
In Ukraine, called four scenarios for Zelensky
Ex-deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadym Denisenko listed four scenarios for the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may be left without the support of the West, and also, possibly, will make compromises on the Donbass.
On Sunday, December 12, Denisenko said in a publication on the portal "Glavred".
The first option, which Denisenko called a "perfect storm," assumes that Ukraine will cease to be supported by key Western countries, reaching an agreement on the future of the country without its participation.
Such a development will contribute to the deep crisis that Kiev may face in 2023.
"In parallel, there is a decrease in prices for key goods that we traditionally export <...> domestic protests and opposition of the authorities with key FIGs (financial and industrial groups). - Ed.) ", - the ex-parliamentarian added.</...>
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario for the development of the situation - "a war against all."
This forecast will come true in the event of high turbulence in world politics, in which the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Because of this state of affairs, the leadership of Ukraine can make compromises on the Donbass, as a result of which a confrontation within the country is possible.
At the end of the summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, the probability of such a situation, according to the former MP, is up to 50-55%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is the confrontation of groups of the population who disagree with Zelensky and the president, which is why it is likely to seize control over the power bloc and implement "populist initiatives".
During this version of the crisis, Zelensky will begin to "reformat the government," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is the transformation of Zelensky into the "father of the nation."
This can lead to a certain event that will be a strong shock to society.
"The event should be large enough to provoke a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
Such a scenario is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a man-made disaster or russia's aggressive actions, the ex-deputy believes.
At the same time, the Russian side has repeatedly rejected any possibility of an "attack" on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that are increasing military activity near the Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, a survey by the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to record lows, amounting to 19.3%.
This is the lowest figure since his election as head of state.
Analysts predicted a situation in which in the event of the next presidential elections in Ukraine, only 21.8% would vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% would vote for ex-President Petro Poroshenko.
At the same time, among all respondents, only 19.3% expressed support for the president.
Shower system KAISER Sena (74182)
The KAISER Sena shower system (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in work, this is also confirmed by numerous customer reviews on third-party Internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also receive a guarantee from our side for the quality and performance of the goods.
We carry out delivery by transport companies throughout Russia and in any region.
If you identify any defects, we will easily refund the full price paid by you.
When calling the operator, you can get a personal discount on this product.
When buying, please leave feedback on the use.
Thank you to the author for the story about the great athlete, I did not know that Elena Shushunova died, it is very sad to learn this.
I remember rooting for her at the Olympics in Seoul, for us, the residents of Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, real time.
Such intensity of passions, emotions went through the roof, I remember the joy when Elena won.
They were also happy with the rest of the victories, just as they were rooting for Salnikov, for the players, for all the then Soviet athletes.
On television, I once saw a documentary about one of the Central American countries, and there watermelons were rolled down the ladder on board the ship, like barrels.
The watermelons were monstrous in size.
I myself worked many times in my youth on harvesting and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and did not meet watermelons weighing more than a pound.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from the melons and not earlier than the beginning of August.
Balconette bra with soft lace cups (size: 90E, color beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, article: 12008).
Balcony bra with soft lace cups, on the frames.
The lower part of the cup is reinforced with an inelastic transparent cloth.
The lateral inner part of the cup, in the area of sewing the straps, is reinforced by an inelastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of the lace can be appreciated thanks to the festoon along the neckline and under the breast.
Vertical bones on the side panels of single-layer microfiber do not allow the fabric to twist on large sizes.
I really didn't like the article, evil, poisonous.
We went through people you don't know anything about.
But now many people like it, to put people on atoms.
I hope that the commenters with honor and decency are all the way and they are experts in everything.
In Moscow, in the evening 100 times you think about whether to go alone to the store, migrants are everywhere, their crowds.
They consider themselves masters.
Are you serious about child benefits and pensions?
Benefits are penny and pay them up to a maximum of 3 years, pensions are 12,000, someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetics have long been paid and very expensive.
People are like from another planet.
It's bad in France, but ours is great?
Mattress Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint has a compact texture, comfortable elasticity and rigidity, the properties of wear resistance and durability.
The product of the brand "Beautyon" from the series "Sens" is designed for healthy sleep of people suffering from diseases of the joints and vascular system.
The design provides an even distribution of the load on the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The base of the mattress Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Synth is an independent spring unit S600 mini with a reduced height of the springs.
Beautyson uses spunbond, coconut coir and polyurethane foam as internal fillers.
Spunbond serves as an intermediate insulating layer between soft materials and springs.
Orthopedic foam with carbon impregnation is decorated on the surface with a curly sharp, which provides a micro-massage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high moisture exchange and breathability characteristics.
The outer mattress case is made of thick jacquard with synthetic fibers.
The material is characterized by strength and durability, does not wear out and does not require complex care.
The poet arrested for the rally on Red Square: "For the quote of Yevtushenko, 10 days are given, here it is, the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was arrested for ten days.
A HSE student was detained on Red Square with a poster on which the hashtag #поэтвроссиибольшечемпоэт was written.
This quote belongs to the writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up on Alexander under an administrative article on repeated violation of the procedure for holding a public rally.
The first time he was detained on January 23 on Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
"The goal was to draw attention to poetry in general, now interest in it, unfortunately, has been lost, to the decline of common culture in Russia and also a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag," explains Alexander.
We contacted the young poet to find out the circumstances of his detention and to reveal in more detail the message of his message.
How have you been treated by police officers this time and before?
What did the department ask, how did they comment on your action?
This time the officers were more correct, the detention was as polite as possible, no matter how ridiculous it may sound in some context of this word.
On Pushkinskaya they took riot police and took hard.
They asked about motives.
When they heard, in principle, they looked, if not approvingly, then understandingly.
With the exception of the monkey blown on all 4 sides, everything was extremely correct, but I knew what I was going for.
And if after the action under this hashtag they begin to write their poems, at least a few people, I will serve these 10 days not in vain.
Maxim, according to the protocol, speak privately at least in the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
And at public and official events, they speak the language of others, so that everyone understands what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through an interpreter.
This is the protocol and nothing more, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks perfect Russian and nevertheless resorts to the help of an interpreter.
And even at official events, a transcript is kept in the old-fashioned way with a fountain pen, and the stenographer is not obliged to know several languages.
You don't want a lot of words, so say no!
And then so much water.
Well, to go as a tourist for six months "to the Andes, then to Nepal."
Before that, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And gradually sell these shares by opening an account in any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but in a currency less dependent on the United States, for example, Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
But that's not what keeps Americans in the U.S.
Keeps them confident that the U.S. is better than anywhere else.
That's how they're grown.
Hansgrohe Quattro movement with three outputs (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: flush mounting mechanism; purpose: for faucet, for bath, for shower; Embedded Systems: Yes; type of installation: recessed (in the wall); Case Material: Brass; flush-mounted mechanism: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's article: 15930180; Barcode: 4011097345239.
Additional information: pressure regulator required; package contents: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; it is possible to simultaneously include 2 consumers (showers); Suitable for all Quattro exterior kits; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers told how potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and trace elements that help improve blood circulation and lower cholesterol levels.
The root vegetable contains vitamins of group B, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
All these elements help the body's systems to function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Due to the high content of klechatka, it is useful for the gastrointestinal tract, and with regular use it can also help in the prevention of hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, the root vegetable is better stewed or boiled, and not fried in oil.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes can be dangerous for diabetics, like other foods with a high glycemic index.
These are carbohydrate-dense foods that are quickly broken down into sugars such as sugar, sugary soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the newspaper Kommersant warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a reduction in its production in personal subsidiary farms and an increase in processing capacity.
According to market participants, the shortage of products at the moment will be able to replace only imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from the issuance of "Yandex"
Candidates for departure
In 2015, right holders from the RAEC/Media cluster compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate sites on the Runet and most of them ceased to exist, says Karen Ghazaryan, director general of the Institute for Internet Research.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive thanks to the regular change of domain name, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series "Squid Game" and "Tenderness" directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of russia's largest video service ivi (part of the AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in the search results, you can watch the animated novelty "Encanto", but, judging by the quality of the video, this is the so-called screen (a pirated copy of the film shot in the cinema).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the series "Univer. 10 years later" of the TNT TV channel (part of Gazprom-Media).
Svetlana M., sorry, of course, but I wouldn't care if my son is offended by mommy or not.
If we have some kind of misunderstanding, it is better not to get involved at all, the estimate is on its way.
The good thing, of course, is that this rarely happens.
Bra with soft cups without frames and front clasp coffee 135I GI1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced from the inside with crossed elastic bands of cotton and lycra.
The bra is made of microfiber in combination with a mesh fabric for breathability.
Cups with a dubbing of cotton-containing fabric for a comfortable fit.
Unique Magiclift design (crisscrossed under the breast and neckline supporting inserts) for lifting, dividing and supporting the breasts.
Wide, comfortable lining straps with microvilli are adjustable at the rear.
Lyudmila, China now has advanced space technology.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
"This idea developed by the Poles" - it would be more correct to say that Poland only reworked the idea of 1776 for itself, but developed it quite effectively.
Actually, the slogan "The outskirts are not Russia" appeared in 1848.
Which, by and large, doesn't really change the point.
I watched her interview, the girl said that the biggest dream is for her to grow wings, dad constantly pulls her off.
Well, it's all very dubious.
Well, I went to college, but what's next?
Wall lamp Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
A wide circle, framed by "molecules" of light, provides the most uniform and bright illumination of the space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose relevance and allows you to profitably place accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is the weightlessness of the structure.
Due to the thin, almost invisible cables, which are adjustable in height, it seems that the chandelier is floating in the air.
Metal gold reinforcement and matte-white miniature lampshades will easily complement any palette, and the pendant chandelier and sconces presented in the collection will become a ready-made ensemble for lighting the living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, the taste and the color, as they say.
I really liked Tarragon, not the current one, of course.
Very tasty were the juices in the bottling from the tall glass cylinders.
Three servings of syrup is too much, for my taste.
Two were just right.
Mattress Dimax Micro Ultimate, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient because it has two surfaces that are different in softness - high hardness and slightly more than average.
The composition of the product includes only high-quality and premium fillers, which have proven themselves exclusively from the best side.
Springs: in the center of the model there is a block of independent springs "micropackage".
This means that the bed has 2000 spirals that work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives a unique point adjustment.
"Micropackage" is the highest frequency of the whole variety of spring blocks "Dimax", therefore it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillers: combinations of coir and natural latex layers are installed on top and bottom of the springs.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface has latex, the other has coconut coir.
Such a tandem of fillers has long carried the status of a classic, since it transmits to the mattress not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties.
If the coir provides the right support for the back, then latex gives an adaptation of the surface to the human body.
Case: The model comes in a quilted knitted case Aloe Vera.
At the request of the client, it can be made both removable and stationary.
The total height of the product is 27 cm, the recommended load on the bed is 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: warranty period – 3 years.
The mattress has received all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its complete safety and reliability in operation.
The orthopedic foam that is used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Estonian scientists will search for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in collaboration with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to look for signs of life in the atmosphere, the Actual Camera reported on Sunday.
The purpose of the missions launched in five years is to assess the habitability of the clouds of Venus, and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists have proposed tools to measure the acidity and oxygen content of Venus' clouds.
Until now, it has been assumed that the clouds of Venus, the planet closest to Earth, are too acidic for life to exist there, but it is likely that Venus was originally an Earth-like planet.
During the third mission, a sample from Venus should arrive.
Suppose that if we find life there, the main question will be whether it is similar to earthly life or different.
If it is very similar, then it will be obvious that terrestrial life did not begin on Earth.
If it is different, then perhaps it will be more likely that life originated on Earth," said Mihkel Pajusalu, head of the Estonian team of the Venus Life Finder project.
A hat, not a phone...
Six months to him, and the whole price...
I'm tired of this Chinese nonsense...
Can't they make a quality phone...
Anyway, my Samsung has already survived three such (friends have already thrown them away) and will survive!
Metaverses will change Russian business
The topic of the metaverse became popular this fall when Mark Zuckerberg announced Facebook's transformation into Meta.
For the market, this event was an important signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
This means that business in Russia, as well as throughout the world, will invest in the creation of its own metaverses and their subsequent monetization.
Metaverses should be considered as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, there is a trend towards creating remote interactions in a pandemic, because people are tired of separation and restrictions.
On the other hand, it is a consequence of the desire of business to develop ecosystems and adapt operating models for them.
On the third hand, they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, when any rights, securities, works of art and even money are transferred to a digital format.
Anya, you are right, changing your diet is a conscious process.
When you start eating right, you no longer want something too fatty and harmful.
Of course, we will have a traditional olivier and herring under a fur coat for the holiday, but no one makes me eat everything at once.
You can eat a spoonful, try - and enough is enough.
After all, there are really ten days off ahead, you can cook any delicious and healthy dishes.
And how much hellish work, time, money she needed in training.
And after performing 5 quarter jumps, she was left without gold.
And she also understands that 4 years before the next Olympics she will not stand, that is, she will never be an Olympic champion.
And anyone who hasn't just played a sport or can't imagine all the circles of hell she's been through, DON'T GET IN JUDGMENT.
British economist could not give a forecast for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill could not give a forecast for 2022, because, in his opinion, such attempts will turn out to be a failure.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change the turnover.
The coronavirus pandemic remains the most important factor, with inflation in second place, he said.
O'Neill also admitted that he did not know whether the increase in prices for goods was temporary or not.
As the expert pointed out, even before the pandemic, it was clear that "the world of endless generosity of central banks has already outlived itself" and it is time to return to a relationship where interest rates, taking into account inflation, will correlate with the expected GDP growth rate.
O'Neill noted that against the backdrop of the pandemic, the continuation of ultra-soft economic policy could, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as rising poverty and climate change, O'Neill summed up.
Earlier, the head of the global research department "Otkritie Investments" Mikhail Shulgin said that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate for 2022 remain, while the growth potential will be less significant.
Among the risks for the dollar, Shulgin called the Fed's monetary policy, the dynamics of oil prices and fears against the background of the coronavirus pandemic.
I have to agree.
But one thing is encouraging: if you compare yourself with yourself, then five years ago there were fewer containers.
It's better now.
There is progress, only sluggish.
There is also such a problem: there are many environmental initiatives in cities, but people do not know about them.
All sorts of eco-taxis that take waste from the house.
Yes, a banal point of reception of recyclables - it is used by marginals.
Rarely does anyone bring glass and metal there.
Well, the author...
Sausages "with cat" in Soviet factories?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well, yes, they are not tasty enough compared to Doshirak, I understand...
And I would now wrap Soviet sweets with a white filling.
There are no more.
They don't release "Pilot", and "Daisy" is not the same at all...
Car mats EVA (diamond) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
EVA car mats are made of high-quality material of Russian production.
The surface of the mats consists of diamond-shaped cells.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
Mats do not absorb or let moisture through.
All dirt is evenly distributed in the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material from which the mats are made is elastic, wear-resistant, odorless.
It retains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 ° C.
Mats are unpretentious in operation and are suitable for year-round use.
EVA car mats cover the standard carpet as much as possible, covering the rest area for the left leg.
The rear row tunnel is covered with a mat.
The edging is made of heavy-duty car sling.
Mattress Dimax Practice Basis Plus B13 180x220 cm
Springless mattress Dimax (Dimax) Practice Basis Plus b13 consists of a single type of filler.
This is a plate of artificial latex with a height of 13 cm.
Due to the characteristics of the material, the mattress has a symmetrical average stiffness of the sides.
The product is covered with a jacquard cover with a stitch on a comfortable layer, removable or non-removable type to choose from.
PU foam is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PU foam) are characteristics similar to the natural counterpart, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is elastic and elastic, but, unlike natural material, it has great rigidity.
It forms the anatomical surface of the mattress with quality support, which ensures a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
High-quality mattress, not afraid of temperature changes.
Anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for arranging a bed in the country or in a country house.
Among its advantages are also a universal average rigidity and a maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2 trillion 784 billion rubles on the purchase of new cars, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to statistics from the Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI).
To understand the scale, about the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
Last September, at a meeting of the heads of the shanghai cooperation organization, President Vladimir Putin said that such an amount is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
In terms of revenues in the Russian market, the Korean brand Kia is the leader.
For 10 months of this year, he managed to sell cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than a year earlier.
At Kia's sister brand Hyundai, the increase is even more significant - more than 35%, and revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
In the leading positions, this brand and in terms of increasing the weighted average price of the car - for the year at Hyundai it grew by almost 21%, to 1.94 million rubles - only Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz were stronger than the dynamics of the rise in price.
At the same time, sales volumes of Korean brands did not grow so significantly: according to statistics from the Automobile Manufacturers Committee of the Association of European Businesses in Russia, in quantitative terms, Kia sold 9.4% more cars over the same period than a year earlier.
Hyundai - almost 12%.
Closes the top three in terms of sales in monetary terms, the Japanese Toyota - russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on cars of this brand for 10 months, which is 14% more than a year earlier.
The Japanese are followed by Mercedes-Benz with an indicator of 266.1 billion rubles (+ 75%) - the German premium brand increased both the volume of sales (by 37%) and the weighted average price of the car (by almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
"Mercedes-Benz simultaneously has a good increase in sales and weighted average price - more, for example, than BMW - hence a greater increase in financial capacity," explained TATYANA Arabadzhi, GENERAL Director of NAPI. -
In terms of sales growth, Chinese brands are showing fantastic performance, which have also significantly increased their financial capacity this year."
Russian Lada in terms of the dynamics of income growth shows average market indicators (plus 28%), Russians spent 229.4 billion rubles on cars of this brand for 10 months.
At the level of last year in terms of financial capacity are companies whose sales of cars in pieces in 2021 fell: in particular, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ is completely in the red - for 10 months, Russians spent 12 billion rubles on SUVs and pickups of this brand against 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the background of problems with the supply of automotive components and interruptions in production that have swept the entire world automotive industry, car companies continue to continuously adjust prices - the same AvtoVAZ increased the cost of Lada models seven times a year, the last rise in price (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Other automakers regularly rewrite the price tags for their products.
The volume of the Russian car market in monetary terms will increase further - in addition to the shortage of cars, inflation makes its contribution to this, as well as the desire of automakers to win back past losses, experts say.
In the conditions of a shortage of cars, I think that many automakers were even able to partially shift to the consumer the costs of past periods, which they could not lay in the price of cars earlier,
says VTB Capital's analyst for the automotive industry Vladimir Bespalov. -
I believe that financially, automakers are doing very well now, maintaining high sales margins."
An indirect indicator of this is the growth rate of the cost of cars, which is observed during 2021, prices for new cars are growing faster than inflation, the expert specifies.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantitative terms and in monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the complication of the design of the machines themselves, Bespalov predicts.
As supply increases, opportunities for price increases will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow next year, even if the growth in the cost of cars slows down, automakers will be able to get their income at the expense of volumes, said Sergey Burgazliev, an independent consultant on the automotive industry.
Given the increased demand and insufficient supply, automakers are now striving to get the greatest profit from each car sold, Burgazliev notes. -
An increase in the volume of production of cars is not expected at least in the next six months, while in Russia the excitement is also fueled by the uncertainty of citizens in the future.
Against the background of the current situation in the market, cars turned out to be a good object for investment - a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold more expensive than the original cost, the expert states.
Biden spoke about the transfer of the US military to Ukraine in the event of a Russian invasion
The US leadership has never considered sending the US military to Ukraine in the event of an "invasion" by Russia.
This statement was made by US President Joe Biden.
"There have never been such plans," the head of the White House said, answering a journalist's question about whether the United States abandoned such an idea.
Biden noted that in the event of an escalation of the situation around Ukraine, Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he stressed that the United States and NATO have no obligation to use military force to protect Ukraine in the event of escalation.
The American leader also said that the possibility of using American troops unilaterally for the defense of Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades Ukraine, the United States will transfer forces to Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Estonia).
"We're going to have to send more U.S. and NATO troops to the eastern flank, the B9 — all those NATO countries for which we have a sacred commitment to defend them against any Russian attack," Biden said.
Earlier, the press secretary of the President of Russia Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow has no intentions to invade the territory of Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees a problem in the combat use of drones supplied by Turkey by Kiev, as well as in the fact that "American weapons are approaching our territory."
I immediately leave such interviews.
If already at the interview they want to make me listen to screams, wait for hours, drink incomprehensible burda and wash another cup - it is terrible to imagine what will happen at work.
I will find a normal place for myself, without an HR layer, where you immediately talk to the leader.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 cm
Medium height mattress of springless design Promtex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 is created from alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium-hard, the other moderately hard.
An elegant white case made of jacquard is quilted on a sintepon and is complemented by a zipper around the perimeter.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Between the plates of latex are laid thin slabs of coke cougar.
The puff structure of the mattress is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to loads.
Natural latex in its characteristics is a dense, elastic, breathable material.
The filler keeps its shape and quickly recovers after loads.
Coconut coir enhances the strength of the product, naturally has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows you to create a load-resistant orthopedic bed that will serve customers for many years.
Versatility and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and ages.
The medium-hard surface is universal with a balanced combination of orthopedics and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately hard bed is more relevant for those who need to "unload" the back and have a healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for both one person and a couple.
The latter will especially appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of a "wave" effect, when vibrations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite, disturbing a person in a dream.
Desktop easel "Studio" 20*24*54(65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Desktop easel "Studio" with height-adjustable upper holder.
Suitable for small canvases.
Material - natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists to work.
Smooth tilt angle adjustment.
Equipped with a shelf-stop for canvases and tablets.
The top holder securely fixes the canvas.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, the maximum size of the canvas is 40 cm.
If a scammer calls from such a number, like an "employee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs" or another law enforcement agency, then it is immediately inefficient to reset, and most likely not to have time to blacklist.
Because to confirm his lies about his involvement in the security forces, he quickly repeats the call and continues to frighten and persuade.
We need more useful recommendations for the people.
That's...
I don't believe it was.
They no longer know what to come up with, who to blame.
We got to the Queen.
And most importantly, in their opinion, everyone is to blame, except for the most...
And it would not be easier to leave people alone from coercion, of course, if our people care.
Maybe all the strains of the virus will disappear...
Like in Japan... before the elections, the influence was weakened and there were fewer infections ...
Wool set for felting "Assorted No 2" 100% merino, wool 4x10 g.
Felting wool as a craft originated eight thousand years ago, only for this occupation it was very difficult to find animal hair, and even more so colored.
But now voila!
We present a semi-fine natural wool for felting from a Russian manufacturer, for which you do not need to run through the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of wool for felting allow you to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, applications for creativity, costume jewelry, interior decorations and even clothing items and accessories.
Imagine a pair of fluffy sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace that will look great with a new dress, or unique slippers that no one will have ...
Bring your ideas to life by "knocking down" this wonderful coat!
Maria Kartashova, what does "in response to this" mean?
I do not voice my thoughts, I curse you all mentally.
Mentally I cut off the heads of everyone who did not give way to me, mentally send to the ditch and burn all the cars that interfere with my passage, mentally everything!
And on the surface, I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas II during the years of his reign did not sign a single death sentence.
Even to outlaws like Koba and his brigade.
And Bloody Sunday is already an invention of the Bolsheviks.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
Mattress, both sides.
The natural material latex coconut coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary rigidity and elasticity to the mattress.
The independent spring unit TFK (512 springs per bed) will give unique comfort and proper support for the spine during sleep.
Cover made of cotton jacquard, quilted for 200 g.
Hallcone gives protection and comfort.
Maximum load per bed: 130 kg.
My horse.
House for ponies with accessories, in the display 6 pcs.
An adorable pony horse lives in a cozy folding pink house.
If you open her house, then inside one of its halves you can install a kitchen, and on the second half - a table, arranging treats for guests on it.
The pony has large beautiful eyes, its mane and tail can be brushed.
The set includes: pony 9 cm, comb, house (2 halves), built-in table (2 parts), kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), cake with a heart (2 parts), a bottle of juice, 2 glasses, a kettle, a cup and a saucer.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90х190х27, weight 27,9 kg.
Alternating layers of latex and hard coconut coir give the effect of improved body support.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS can easily withstand a load of up to 170 kg per bed.
At the same time, there is no wave effect: spouses lying side by side do not roll towards each other regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials from which the model is made have undergone careful quality control.
They are ventilated, do not dampen, do not absorb odors.
Thanks to the full air circulation, a unique microclimate is created, contributing to a healthy rest.
High-strength hot melt glue is used to fasten the parts.
The film of the student of Alexander Sokurov received the European Oscar for the best editing
The Oscar-nominated Russian film "Unclenching Fists" received the award of the European Film Academy (it is also called the "European Oscar") in the nomination "Best Editing", reports "Moskovsky Komsomolets".
The jury of the competition, which voted online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, appreciated the outstanding skill of the filmmakers.
The maximum number of awards was received this time by Jasmila Žbanić (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Aida?"
The main character of the tape is a translator at the UN mission, who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Unclenching Fists", shot by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film tells about the complex relationship of an overbearing father and those who want to free themselves from the paternal guardianship of growing children in North Ossetia.
Earlier it was announced that this film was nominated for the Academy Awards as the best film shot in a foreign language.
As the regular friendly meetings of the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan and Turkey show, in my opinion, you are, to put it mildly, off topic.
Only yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of the azerbaijani-Russian joint venture KamAZ.
From my point of view, the literature program was formed by ladies of Balzac's age on the basis of their interests.
From the Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those very ladies of Balzac's age.
And the psychology and torment of Tolstoy's and Turgenev's heroines are not so interesting for teenagers.
In general, teenagers are rarely interested in the psychology of heroes.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were plush to represent a particular variety?
There are roses of this color and with this petal structure, reminiscent of velvet, usually dark red, burgundy tones.
And light roses look different, the petals have just a satin or silky shine.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are kind of colorblind.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas are NOT allowed to make eye contact - in some safari parks, visitors are given goggles with painted eyes that look away.
Bees are still guided by smell...
Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195 mattress.
Micropackage Prestige model: comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different stiffness of the sides: a medium-hard surface is formed by latex-coated coconut fiber and natural latex, and a moderately soft one by a slab of natural latex.
The spring unit with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the body of the sleeper, preventing the appearance of the "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Among the advantages of the model, it is necessary to highlight the breathable materials.
The latex, perforated for breathability, is perfectly ventilated naturally, as is the coir of the coconut.
This preserves the healthy microclimate of the bed.
The mattress is also covered by an extended warranty period.
The official warranty period from the manufacturer is 5 years, but in reality the service life of the mattress is longer.
Protection against dust and dirt is provided by a removable jacquard cover, which is included in the set.
Purchase an orthopedic pillow to pair with the mattress - it is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filling determines the purpose of the sides - coconut serves as anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Switch on your brain and chase such relatives together!
It's better not to have any than to have them...
Either look for a third-party driver, or someone who is willing to invest and work with you in the share.
If it doesn't work out, then sell the car, even if at a loss, don't regret it.
Next time you'll think better...
Andrei, it was clearly explained to you that retired women work in schools, they will not work on the command line.
The computer science teacher won't be able to help either, they didn't teach him this, the school plays games on Windows.
So there is no support.
I remember these feasts and guests at my parents' house with horror.
The guests are on the doorstep, but the meatballs are still cooking on the stove, and my mother is still washing the floor.
My God, I sat down at the table already exhausted.
And then wash the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday, you haul groceries, two days of cooking, a day of cleaning after.
What about the guests?
They feel good, and they always take a cake with them.
Since then, I don't like holidays or guests.
Even for my family, I set the table at a minimum.
And I cook them yakitori, I bake them very often just like that.
Germany: Fourth coronavirus vaccine is imminent
The fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or autumn of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be the last, but will continue with renewed vigor.
Despite Germany's aggressive vaccination campaign, neither two nor three doses of the coronavirus vaccine are likely to be enough for full protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners, Ulrich Weigeldt, is convinced of this.
Die Welt reports about this on Saturday, December 11.
"We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the autumn," the expert believes.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth vaccination against the coronavirus can be carried out "in combination with the flu vaccination."
This will help to achieve the best results.
In addition, enhanced vaccination can help in the fight against the spread of the new strain of coronavirus "Omicron."
And the new variant is particularly dangerous.
Thus, the probability of re-infection with Omikron is three times higher than with Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Based on this, the manufacturers BioNTech / Pfizer plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
The companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new Omicron coronavirus variant.
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that with two doses of the vaccine, the effectiveness is significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
"This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the omicron strain," BioNTech and Pfizer stressed.
Therefore, a third dose is necessary.
Experts are pushing to speed up the pace of vaccinations in the country.
For example, the chairman of the German Society for Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, is in favour of reducing the interval between the second and third vaccinations.
Moreover, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of the coronavirus.
"The experience of Israel very convincingly shows this," the expert stressed.
Pontoon21 Wobbler, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21®.
It (as well as the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibes in that it was originally created with ice fishing in mind, and not just for casting.
These vibes have a greater specific weight than their close-in-size counterparts, which undoubtedly has a positive effect on the nuances of using these interesting lures.
Another recognizable feature is the top fin made of durable and resilient plastic, which creates additional shades of vibration with vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a "winter vibe," Bet-A-Vib shows a rather aggressive game when fishing in the plumb.
Simple monotonous animation is often the most effective, that is, the movement of the fishing rod up and down with almost no pauses.
When planning, the deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient when fishing in a confined space cluttered with underwater vegetation, snags and other obstacles for which a hook is possible.
In addition, a slight deviation is relevant when fishing for winter walleye and large perch, and especially in the middle of winter, when pinpoint and aggressive bait feeding is required.
Having reached the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly turns around and returns to the original vertical.
Bet-A-Vib has also been used with equal success for winter pond trout fishing.
To please her whims, you can choose from two modifications: with a noise capsule (NS - NanoSound) or without it (SL - Silent).
It was also noted that Bet-A-Vib is able to tease a passive pike, which does not react even to a live bait, with a plumb game.
When fishing, the Bet-A-Vib cast demonstrates range and accuracy.
This wobbler is clear and not capricious, goes well with fishing line and braided cords, even of large diameters.
For catching pike, zander, ruff or perch, in addition to a uniform cast, a "step" is also relevant, sometimes with a "chirp" along the bottom.
If you're fishing in congested areas, you can change the front tee to a double, which will reduce the likelihood of snagging.
Among the lures of its class, Bet-A-Vib is among the most stable in operation and, as a result, one of the most effective.
It can be used with equal success both in relatively shallow and rather deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young idlers are sitting on the necks of their elderly parents.
"Golden youth" - clearly expressed lazy people for the most part, who can't do anything and don't know anything.
A well-fed life invites idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin had in mind this considerable part of the population.
You must be joking.
I have never seen any shoes in this store that I would like to buy.
What kind of long-lasting sock are you writing about?
These shoes are made of leather.
It's good if it survives one season.
"Zenden" is on a par with "Kari."
A couple of times to go, look and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
In Libya, they announced 7 thousand Russian mercenaries
There are more than 7 thousand mercenaries of the private military company (PMC) Wagner in Libya.
This was announced on Sunday, December 12, by the Chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Republic, Khaled al-Mishri.
"Currently, there are more than 7 thousand mercenaries of the Wagner PMC in Libya.
They also have planes.
They are also digging trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jets at the Ghardabiya airbase (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," Anadolu Agency quotes him as saying.
Khaled al-Mishri also indicated that Russian mercenaries are "trying to take over" the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean, after "putting their man in power" in the Central African Republic.
Maintain presence
According to the interlocutor of the publication, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "located in Libya."
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using the air base and port in Sirte, as well as the air base in Jufra, the agency's publication notes.
The Russian authorities officially deny that PMC Wagner enjoys the support of the Kremlin.
Where else can mercenaries be?
According to the agency, Wagner allegedly operates in nine African countries - CAR, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training of local forces, personal protection of leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses for the use of minerals and natural resources, as well as for the supply of weapons, technologies and military services to these countries," the article says.
According to the media, the "Wagnerites" allegedly fought in Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the Central African Republic.
This group is not listed either in the law enforcement agencies or in the register of legal entities, and its fighters are not in the form lists of personnel.
This company is under US sanctions.
Recall that earlier, the permanent representatives of 27 EU countries approved restrictions against Wagner.
It is expected that the Council of the European Union will approve this decision on December 13.
The situation in Libya
Libya's Supreme State Council is de facto the second chamber of parliament with consultative functions with Islamists dominating it, TASS writes.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of the single voting day for the election of members of parliament and the head of state from December 24 to at least February 2022.
"The elections are less than two weeks away, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing," the article notes.
Against this backdrop, Libya's Supreme Electoral Commission has indefinitely postponed the announcement of the final list of candidates, Sky News Arabia reports.
Foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in the country's foreign policy, 29% believe that failures predominate.
"Examples of success - "we protected Syria and restored peace there," "the decision on Nord Stream 2," "we intimidated the whole world that cool weapons," "we squeezed Crimea."
The main failures are the "conflict with Ukraine," "confrontation with Western countries," and "isolation from the world," according to a study by the Public Opinion Foundation.
The government of Dubai has completely abandoned paper paperwork - all public services have also become digital only
The government of Dubai announced a complete abandonment of paper records and a transition to digital technologies.
All public services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This was reported by the Emirati news agency WAM.
"Today marks the beginning of a new phase in the digitalization of all aspects of Dubai's life - we have completed the transition to a completely paperless government," the emirate's crown prince, chairman of Dubai's executive council, Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, said on Saturday.
Now, internal and external document circulation in all state institutions of Dubai will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all sectors without exception: healthcare, housing and utilities, police, municipal authorities, courts, etc. Many commercial structures also joined the government initiative.
The transition to e-government and the digitalization of document management began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, as the authorities calculated, 336 million paper sheets were saved, which amounts to 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in cash equivalent.
Earlier, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about the dates of birth and how old the child is, it's already senile, about the class and group in kindergarten, too.
Well, I don't believe that such stretch marks exist.
And if they do, they clearly don't care about anything, including their families.
My mother, her two brothers and my grandfather and grandmother lived on 3 Vladimirskaya, the first floor had no bars.
They first knocked on the door, then on the window, then decided not to stand on ceremony, broke the window and got in, but the grandfather had a baseball bat, which they got.
These people knew for sure that there was someone at home...
Turkey's car production and exports fall below 2020 levels
Turkey's car production and exports fell sharply in November amid the depreciation of the lira.
As a result, the performance of the industry for the first 11 months was worse than last year's result, reports Bloomberg, citing data from the Association of Automobile Manufacturers of Turkey.
According to the association, in November, 115 thousand cars were produced in Turkey, which is 20% less than a year earlier.
About 75.9 thousand cars were exported, which is more than 25% less than last year's figure.
And if, according to the results of the first 10 months of this year, the automotive sector in Turkey showed positive dynamics compared to last year, then, according to the results of the first 11 months of 2021, the production of cars was already 0.3% worse than last year's figure.
The reason for this fall was the sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which fell by 29% against the dollar in November.
This led to a drop in economic activity in all sectors.
More than 500 SMEs received a deferral on loan payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov spoke about the situation regarding the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, the correspondent of MIA "Kazinform" reports.
"According to the information of the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, this year, pursuant to the order of the Head of State dated April 1, 2021, the order of the Chairman of the Agency dated April 9, 2021 No. 127 "On approval of the Procedure for granting deferral of payments on loans to small and medium-sized businesses" was adopted," wrote Alikhan Smailov in his response to the deputy's inquiry.
He recalled that the procedure for granting deferral of payments on loans provided for the provision by banks and organizations engaged in microfinance activities of deferral of payments on loans issued before April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including individual entrepreneurs, in the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The deferral period was from 30 to 90 days at the choice of the SME entity.
In the borrower's application, a different period of deferred payments could have been specified.
During the deferral period, the claim and claim work, notification of the need to repay overdue debts, as well as the collection of commissions and other payments by the creditor were suspended in relation to the borrower, "the deputy prime minister noted.
For 2021, second-tier banks received applications for deferral of loan payments from 603 SME borrowers, of which 553 SME entities received deferral in the amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
In MFIs, 131 SME entities applied for deferral, of which deferral was granted to 95 entities in the amount of 105.8 million tenge," A. Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Puryaev suggested that people with weak immunity are able to easily tolerate the "okmiron" strain
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate it more easily than those with a strong protective reaction of the body
Pulmonologist Sergei Puryaev explained why the "okmiron" strain of coronavirus could be dangerous.
The reason is to be found in the conditions of the virus's origin.
Scientists believe that "okmiron" originated in the body of a person infected with HIV or suffering from immunodeficiency.
That is, with the mutation, he did not encounter any resistance from the immune system.
Due to this, it is more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no response from the immune system, it became very fast.
Apparently, he may have more of these spike proteins, spikes, than expected, their antibodies were not truncated during mutations, comments pulmonologist Sergei Puryaev.
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate "okmiron" more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body.
It turns out that the body's strong response to anything, to any infection, is not always a good thing.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
This is what happens with pneumococcal infections, when 30-year-old young people die, and 60-year-old olds tolerate it in the form of sneezing.
The immune response of a young person is frantic, it is completely inadequate: where it was only possible to wag a finger, it hits like a cannon at sparrows, concluded Sergei Puryaev.
The doctor also recalled that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Pneumonia can be bacterial or viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case it is often possible to stop only the symptoms - all hope is in the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the onset of intoxication of the body - this is fever, weakness, malaise.
Then come the respiratory symptoms: shortness of breath, sore throat, cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain can also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, Russia may start vaccinating the younger generation between the ages of 12 and 18 before the end of the year.
Pavel Volchkov, a virologist and head of the laboratory of genomic engineering at MIPT, noted that this category is very actively affected by Covid.
Teenagers who go to school have the highest number of contacts.
This is the most socially active stratum, just like kindergarten pupils, said Pavel Volchkov, virologist, head of the laboratory of genomic engineering at MIPT, to "Moscow 24."
Huge thanks to the author for this article.
It was a pleasure to refresh memories...
Teath-In.
Back in the seventies and eighties, no dance floor was complete without the group's tunes.
And at home, getting together with friends, they danced to their music.
Immunologists have put forward a hypothesis as to why obese people fall victim to Covid
The authors of the work studied adipose tissue remaining from bariatric operations and found that fat cells, known as adipocytes, can become infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected and showed a strong inflammatory reaction.
Scientists also examined the fatty tissue of patients who died from Covid and found coronavirus particles in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and flu viruses can hide in fatty tissue, using it as a reservoir, in attempts to evade the immune system's response.
SARS-CoV-2 is probably also capable of this.
Biologist told about the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin named the causes of dementia and spoke about ways to prevent it in an interview with Sputnik radio.
According to the WHO, more than 55 million people suffer from this disease.
The syndrome is manifested by a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, a person has difficulty navigating even in a familiar environment.
Golosheikin noted that neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders and a lack of certain vitamins most often lead to dementia.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
These include hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level, factors such as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity may play a role," he said.
The development of dementia is also influenced by bad habits - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disorders and a sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
"There is a debate that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence," the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the necessary level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Previously, he was a professor at the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics of the FSUE HE RNIMU.
N.I. Pirogova, head of the cognitive impairment department at the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnology Anna Bogolepova spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt has returned about 30 thousand artifacts illegally exported from the country
Over the past 10 years, the Cairo government has managed to return home about 30 thousand artifacts that were illegally smuggled out of the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, on the air of the Al-Hayat TV channel by the chief inspector of the department of returned antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt, Shaaban Abdel Gawad.
Since 2011, the Egyptian state has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, 5,300 monuments of the ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered in the Museum of the Bible in Washington," he said.
Abdel Gowad specified that all smuggled artifacts are registered in the archives.
Department officials are now working to return them to Egypt.
In particular, experts "monitor auctions around the world and sales on the Internet" through foreign and Egyptian websites, as well as social networks.
The chief inspector said that upon return, cultural values are restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was an ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of the exposition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities appealed to Interpol with a request to help find the bust of Pharaoh Tutankhamun sold at auction in London.
Christie's auction house held an auction on July 4, at which a bust over 3,000 years old was sold for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the art object was illegally taken in the 1970s from the Karnak temple in Luxor.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted in the image of the sun god Amun, was kept in a private collection and has not been put up for auction since 1985.
How the relic got to Europe is unknown.
In recent years, Egypt has been actively seeking the repatriation of antiquities that were illegally exported from the country at various times.
According to the authorities, 95% of smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological research by "black diggers."
"The Crimean Tatars are not taken into account" - and this is correct, since the Crimean Tatars (232 thousand) are an independent people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, then only 42 thousand people - so many Tatars (Kazan) live in Crimea (see the census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse requires its employees to give the bank access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The fact is that in Europe and the United States, the Swiss bank does not issue its employees with corporate communication devices, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - a telecommunications operator.
Under current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to resolve business issues with colleagues or clients.
The bank uses the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used it to conduct a meeting with a client that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees switched to remote work, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that were used to solve work issues.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management has set a deadline by which employees can familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Officially, Credit Suisse has not commented on the information about the new requirement.
Mattress Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200.
In the center of the Vivre Dual royal mattress is a high-quality and durable block of high independent springs TFK 18.
Natural coconut flooring layers add stiffness, zonal latex distributes the load better, latex with the addition of aloe ensures the hygiene of the bed, and embossed foam relaxes.
A symmetrical mattress of medium firmness and high height (30 cm).
The product is supplied packed in a tight roll and is ready for use a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable knitted fabric with stitching on a comfortable layer.
The fabric of the cover does not crumple, does not stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the hardest for the poet's earthly existence and his "ego."
It is no longer part of any literary associations, it has spilled over with imagism, it is on its own, but it is known, in demand, at times severely criticized by critics, even viciously, but the reading public is ready to carry it in its arms.
During the year, more than 60 poems were written, many of them real masterpieces, the cycle "Persian Motifs" was completed, the poem "Anna Snegina" was written, 8 books were published, the collection "Soviet Russia."
And the main success - at the end of June 25, the State Publishing House signed an agreement with Yesenin to publish his works in 3 volumes.
None of Sergei Alexandrovich's contemporary poets have received such an honor, he is the first!
In addition, it promised very good money - according to the contract, the fee was 1000 rubles a month for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 300 rubles a month, the engineer - 200).
The funds were needed more than ever that year.
Yesenin married Leo Tolstoy's granddaughter, Sophia Tolstoy, and it was necessary to arrange the family life, to support his sisters, Katya and Sasha, as well as his mother.
It seems that life is getting better, there is something to be happy about, but for him everything is painted mostly in dark colors, as if the nightmare from the poem "The Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after Yesenin's death) had materialized:
My friend, my friend,
I am very, very sick.
I don't know where this pain came from.
Is that the wind whistling
Over an empty and deserted field,
So, like a grove in September,
Alcohol floods the brain.
Many acquaintances noted that Yesenin had lost a lot of weight, looked bad, and was clearly ill.
Revelry and nervous breakdowns are becoming more frequent.
And the reason is probably not just alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was given to Sergei Alexandrovich by someone, there are no reliable documents left.
For example, relating to May 1923, when Yesenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, the American Isadora Duncan, improved his health in a clinic near Paris with Professor Peter Gannushkin (Yesenin would visit him again two years later, already in Moscow).
But there is plenty of evidence of the poet's drinking binges, scandals on this basis, drives to the police - scattered over dozens of memoirs.
From the beginning of the 1920s, the poet's terrible love affair with the green snake developed rapidly.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Yesenin stayed for a short time with a friend, the Imagist Ivan Startsev.
Surprisingly, Yesenin, with his very good income, never had his own home either in Moscow or in St. Petersburg, he found it in rented apartments, in hotels or with acquaintances.
Starcev recalls:
"I only came to spend the night, and in most cases in a deranged, drunken state.
One day, returning at four in the morning, Yesenin fell on the landing...
When he fell, he scratched his face and wheezed.
After regaining consciousness, he began to cough incessantly, spraying the entire sheet with blood..."
And Yesenin himself, after a trip to Europe and the USA (there was a dry law in the States at that time, but Duncan took a decent supply of alcohol with her), admitted:
"I saw nothing there but taverns and streets...
I'm almost at the end and I've stopped remembering people...
Well, and drink, of course...
And I drank because I was bored."
Tyres Pirelli Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20.108V
Winter tires Pirelli Scorpion Winter based on a high-strength mixture of rubbers and silica provide long-term effective operation, uniform wear, resistance to loads.
The linear tread pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter wheel, which forms the ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance and directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water, dirt from the contact patch of the Pirelli Scorpio Winter tire, suppress slipping and aquaplaning.
The figure-hugging 3D laminating enhances traction on slippery roads, snow and ice.
Large checkers of the shoulder zone increase the lateral grip of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire when maneuvering, increase traction, and reduce braking distance.
Small grooves and notches dissipate heat.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern version of the budget model in the premium class line.
The basis of the mattress is a block of independent double Duet springs.
A softer, smaller spring is inserted inside the larger spring.
This allows you to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
On both sides, the mattress is supplemented with a filler - artificial latex.
It is an analogue of natural latex, but it is denser and less expensive.
The flexibility and elasticity of this material enhances the comfort effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is perfect for a couple with a large difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the "smart" springs, there is no wave effect, when the light partner slides to the side of the heavy one.
A pleasant, soft-to-the-touch case made of practical Sense jacquard is sewn with a layer of synthetone.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this mattress model in a twisted version (vacuum roll packaging).
Now my son is almost 16, and he has not been tormented by the desire to fool around for a long time.
All energy is focused on choosing what he will do for a living.
He is much more responsible than I was at his age, or my husband, who was in and out of trouble with the law before we got married.
A father cares for his young daughter.
And he loves, as Lermontov wrote, "with a strange love."
Why did the girl burst into tears during the exam, when she hadn't even failed it?
Why didn't he tell his daughter that it wasn't a school.
Well, it will have a tail.
So what?
I will retake it.
Millions of students know this.
What is it all about?
Polish MFA believes that Belarus uses migrants as a "weapon" against the EU
Polish MFA believes that Belarus uses migrants as a "weapon"
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Pawel Jablonski expressed the opinion that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as a "weapon" against the European Union and intends to return to such an "operation" next year.
The Deputy Foreign Minister made the relevant statement in an interview with the Australian Financial Review newspaper.
According to Yablonsky, sanctions against Belarus have temporarily "stopped Lukashenko," but he is "actively looking for new ways."
Also, the Polish official is sure that now illegal migrants will be used as a weapon "in many parts of the world."
As the website kp.ru wrote, earlier the European Union introduced the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It affected 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they declared their readiness to further expand restrictive measures against the republic "if the situation in the country does not improve."
In response, Minsk imposed a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Garment cover 60×100 cm, spunbond, blue.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, it is necessary to properly care for them.
Proper storage will extend its service life and maintain an attractive appearance.
A case for clothes will help us with this!
Advantages.
By using a garment cover, you save a lot of space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Neat appearance.
No more dresses, coats and skirts hanging loose.
Neat covers allow you to sort clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people who use racks instead of a regular cabinet, this is the best option.
The cover reliably protects the clothes from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
Prevents clothes from changing shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of creases.
Features of cases for clothes.
The special material will allow your clothes to "breathe."
With careful handling, the service life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The case is "sealed" with a strong zip.
It is important to remember!
Pre-prepare things for long-term storage: clean them, straighten out the folds.
Choose a case of the optimal size: things should not bend at the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several bulky things at once in one case: they can crumple.
If you value order and neatness, cherish your things, want to keep them and extend their service life - order a case for clothes.
Go to the large catalog and choose a product of the color and size you need at a bargain price!
"Not a hat for Senka": when a velvet jacket makes a mockery of a man
Velvet jackets dominated the social events of 2021.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashion decision was Daniel Craig.
Back in September, at the premiere of the film "No Time to Die," he appeared in a velvet crimson jacket and a traditional "Bond" bow tie.
His example was twice followed by Prince William, who first wore a green velvet jacket that did not meet the royal dress code for the Earthshot Prize award ceremony, and then chose a more classic version for an event in support of the Royal Variety Charity.
A couple of weeks ago, Lionel Messi also tried the trend.
The footballer came to pick up the seventh Golden Ball in a velvet Dolce & Gabbana jacket.
By the way, his sons were dressed in the same.
AliExpress has already noted the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to the data of service analysts received by Gazeta.Ru, they began to be bought 1.4 times more often.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with lining and fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, dark blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. At the same time, men prefer to buy only jackets - they choose sets of velvet suits less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available at H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment, velvet jackets this season are represented in almost all brands - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most coveted is the Gucci model, in which brand ambassador Jared Leto appeared at one of the premieres of the film "House of Gucci."
When choosing jackets of expensive brands, you can be sure that the velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to a special technology of weaving threads, a dense fabric with a shaggy outer texture and a smooth inner side is obtained.
More budget options are made of cotton or polyamide, but, accordingly, serve less.
Ilya Vakhoshkin, fashion expert at Lamoda, warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the most important thing is not its model or style, but its appropriateness.
"Velvet requires evening light, so such a jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a solemn event, - explains Vakhoshkin. - It is also suitable for those occasions when the invitation specifies the dress code "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie."
Another important criterion, compliance with which makes it possible to make a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
"A man in a velvet jacket, first of all, must acquire the right advanced party with wealth, - the authors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion "Handsome Brummell" believe. - The owners of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the caste of those people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to special social events, where the dress code is always specified.
Ilya Vakhoshkin suggests combining a velvet jacket with the same elegant things: classic trousers with arrows, plain shirts, silk ties, loafers with tassels, cufflinks.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from "Pretty Brummell" are sure: the appearance of an ordinary employee in a velvet jacket at a corporate party will also be inappropriate, but if it is a question of "a manager from among those who control this event, then - "yes," he has such a thing in mind."
If the employee is of a lower rank, and his goal is the desire to move higher in the complex hierarchy of the company or to win financial bonuses, then it is better not to wear a velvet jacket.
The management will accurately assess this with the phrase "not a hat according to Senka," - the editors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion believe.
Very ambiguous feelings from the voice.
It's an unnatural timbre, it's so forced.
And it is not at all associated with the sweet face of a young girl.
To be honest, I don't understand the admiration of others.
But from the bottom of my heart, I wish you good luck in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is, it is paid for.
Billion-dollar investments.
Are they sad?
No, the price of electricity has increased.
Traditional energy is also not a bargain - gas, oil, and coal were bought cheaper than they are sold now.
There is a wild demand for fuel.
The penny is dropping.
And who is in the overlap then?
As usual - the ordinary buyer.
Do the problems of the Indians affect the sheriff?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be considered idiots who "slept through" the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a good bribe.
I didn't see a single beautiful person in the photos in the article.
Just mediocrity within the average passengers.
Perhaps, if such characters are so confident in their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole carriage, then they will most likely not fit in.
But only because of the mental disorder and ignorance of such "handsome men," but certainly not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "a slave who is aware of his slavish condition and fights against it is a revolutionary.
A slave who is not aware of his slavery and vegetates in a silent, unconscious and wordless slave life is simply a slave.
A slave who salivates when he smugly describes the delights of slave life and admires a kind and good master is a lackey, a boor."
Immunologist said that revaccination in 4-5 months will help protect against the coronavirus strain "omicron"
Revaccination after four to five months can protect against the new strain of coronavirus infection "omicron."
Such a statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the vaccination in six months, taking into account the appearance of a new strain, "a very long period"
"With previous strains, this period was normal, but now it is best to carry out the procedure in five months, and for people with chronic diseases - in four," the expert said, calling for revaccination to be carried out in parallel with the vaccination campaign.
Kryuchkov also noted that early revaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
"If a person has had two vaccinations and a booster, or has been ill and has been vaccinated, or has been vaccinated and has been ill, then he has received "hybrid immunity," that is, there are a lot of antibodies and enough neutralizers," the expert said.
G7 warns Russia of 'large-scale consequences' if it invades Ukraine
The G7 countries (Great Britain, Germany, Italy, Canada, the USA, France and Japan) have published a statement on the results of the meeting of foreign ministers in Liverpool.
It emphasizes that Russia's "military aggression" against Ukraine "will have huge consequences and will be costly" for Moscow, but the document does not describe specific measures.
"We, the Foreign Ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military build-up and aggressive rhetoric towards Ukraine," the statement said.
The ministers further call on Russia to "de-escalate, use diplomatic channels, and abide by its international obligations with respect to transparency of military activities," which US President Biden spoke about during a video call with Russian President Putin on December 7.
"We reaffirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk agreements in order to resolve the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the G7 foreign ministers also state.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a heavy price to pay," they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its future.
We welcome Ukraine's restrained position.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response," the statement added.
Earlier in the afternoon, the head of British diplomacy, Elizabeth Truss, said that Russia would face "serious consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "the united voice of the G7 countries, which account for 50% of world GDP, and which made it very clear that the invasion of Ukraine would have huge consequences for Russia."
Pfizer vaccine found to be 32 times less effective than omicron strain
The effectiveness of the vaccine from Pfizer-BioNTech against the omicron strain of coronavirus is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
This is the conclusion reached by scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, reports the South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective on the basis of a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the drug for COVID-19.
"We see that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the original Sars-CoV-2 variant, but this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variant," said Professor Malik Peiris.
At the same time, scientists stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against the severe course of the disease when infected with coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of the coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the influence of the omicron strain on it.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain could cause a new wave of virus circulation and an increase in mortality, if no additional measures are taken.
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine accused Germany of blocking the supply of NATO weapons to Kiev
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, Aleksei Reznikov, accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Kiev's acquisition of lethal weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-sniper systems and rifles to defeat drones.
At the same time, it is noted that Berlin later softened its position on rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defense, Kiev intends to seek the acquisition of the above-mentioned weapons within the framework of bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, we are talking about the USA, Great Britain, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government under the leadership of Chancellor Olaf Scholz regarding the authorization of arms supplies to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine's ambassador to Germany, Andriy Melnyk, expressed the opinion that Kiev should not expect Berlin to supply weapons under Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous leadership of Germany explained its refusal to provide weapons by the risk of military escalation of the conflict in Donbass, despite "Russia's occupation" of part of Ukrainian territory.
The diplomat is confident that Germany will maintain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky said that Kiev expects help from Berlin in equipping the navy.
Ukraine expects that Germany "will be a partner of Ukraine in the technical sense," the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year, the co-chairman of the German Green Party, Robert Habeck, visited the republic, where he advocated the sale of defensive weapons to Kiev.
Sergei NOSOV 2, no, poor eyesight has nothing to do with it.
Typing "I" instead of "E"?
Skip a lot of commas?
That's it, write instead of write.
No, you are an illiterate person.
And for a philologist, it's a disgrace.
"Fishing" game set: b/w light, sound, complete playing field, 2 fishing rods, 5 figures, bat. 3AA not in, cor.
Electrified children's fishing is a fun and useful toy for a child's development.
While playing, the child will train the fine motor skills of the hands, develop dexterity, accuracy and attention.
As soon as you turn on the toy, 5 miniature fish begin to move swiftly across the simulated pond to a cheerful tune.
The child's task is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play on your own or together: the set includes 2 fishing rods.
The toy is powered by 3 AA batteries at 1.5 V (not included).
The size of the playing field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
Winners of the Arsenyev Prize announced in Moscow - Rossiyskaya Gazeta
Solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian literary award "Far East" named after.
V. K. Arsenyeva was held in Moscow.
According to the award's Instagram page, the organizing committee received a total of 89 applications this season.
63 were selected.
The leaders in the number of submitted works were Primorsky and Khabarovsk Territories - 13 and 11 applications, respectively.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three categories: "Long prose," "Short prose," "Prose for children."
Nine works made it to the shortlist - three in each category.
The winner in the category "Long prose" was Alexander Filkin (Primorsky Krai) with the book "Inscription on the Gospel."
The award was presented to the winner by Deputy Prime Minister - Plenipotentiary of the President of the Russian Federation in the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev.
In the "Short prose" category, Lyubov Bezbah (Sakhalin Oblast) was recognized as the best with her work "A Whisper of Night Rain."
She received the award from the Minister of the Russian Federation for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic, Aleksei Chekunkov.
In the "Children's Prose" category, the winner was the Trans-Baikal writer Nina Belomestnova and her "Golden Thread."
The author was awarded by the scriptwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Award, Andrei Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 500 thousand rubles.
Recall that within the framework of the "Far East" award, the authors of the best works on the Far Eastern theme are awarded.
The main task of the award is not only to reward the winners and tell about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest in the Far East, as a territory of priority development in the 21st century.
Novels, novellas, collections of novellas or short stories, as well as documentary prose and memoirs can be nominated for the competition.
In this case, the place of residence of the author does not matter, the main thing is to write in Russian.
The official website of the award: https://premiyaarsenyeva.rf/.
Pan, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble, 4278884.
Kukmara "marble" crockery is made of cast aluminium and coated with an innovative water-based non-stick marble coating reinforced with super-hard mineral particles.
Features of the "Marble" series tableware.
The considerable thickness of the walls and bottom eliminates the deformation of the body, guarantees durability, and ensures the necessary strength of the coating.
The high-strength, water-based, non-stick marble coating is reinforced with super-hard mineral particles.
Environmentally safe non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorinated carboxylic acid).
Perfect heat distribution over the entire surface of the dish, long-term heat preservation.
Possibility of using a minimum amount of fat.
The non-stick marble coating is applied by the spray method, which guarantees the exceptional durability of the coating during operation.
Small scratches and small scuffs on the surface of the kettle do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the dishes.
The products do not burn and retain their taste.
The ability to prepare delicious and healthy food without adding oil, like on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Ease of washing.
Suitable for all types of plates except induction.
Can be washed in the dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner coating is "marble."
High-strength, water-based non-stick coating reinforced with super-hard mineral particles.
Reinforced ground layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
Cast aluminium body up to 6 mm thick.
The outer non-stick coating is "marble."
Kukmara utensils will allow you to turn the ordinary process of cooking into a pleasant and easy activity for any housewife.
Years and years ago, I did the same kind of remodeling.
He combined the hall with the kitchen.
The apartment is three-roomed.
There was.
Of course, the project, the permit, the new technical certificate, everything is in accordance with the law.
In the hallway, they made a bookcase and a large dressing room.
The door to the kitchen was boarded up and there was a lot of space.
In almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we have never regretted what we did.
From mistakes - instead of a bath, they installed a cool shower cabin.
I've regretted it a hundred times!
I've only recently realised that I like rum.
But I still haven't discovered the wonderful world of rum, except for Bacardi and Captain Morgan.
What else would you recommend, and where could this wonderful acquaintance begin?
I've been ill too.
I won't get vaccinated.
He came to Chornomorskoye for "rehabilitation."
It was just bad luck with the weather...
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in bright houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus, the paint and other chemical compounds will deter birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thank you, I will definitely try it.
And what does Japan have to do with it?
Thanks for the recipe.
And what varieties of apples should be used in this recipe?
It's really delicious.
I add a few more onions and a green apple.
Try it.
Recently, the zombie box said that the production of cars is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen showing which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (apparently microcontroller chips).
Russia was not on that list.
That's it!
In the USA, with their expensive labor force, it is profitable, but here in Russia, it is unprofitable!
And my mother-in-law harassed me.
I feel sorry for her, she is no longer with us.
If I had seen the good in her, everything could have been different.
But apart from hatred, gossip and scandals, there is not much to remember.
I feel sorry for her, a life lived in malice.
Mercedes lodge protest over Abu Dhabi Grand Prix result
The German team Mercedes, whose driver Lewis Hamilton finished second behind Red Bull driver Max Verstappen at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, has filed a protest against the final result of the race, the Formula 1 press service reports.
Mercedes believes that Formula 1 rules 48.12 and 48.8 were violated during the race.
In the first case, the German team is challenging the decision of the judges to return the cyclists to the same lap as the leaders.
According to the second, Verstappen beat Hamilton to the permitted "restart" zone.
We add that now the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen beat Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the Formula 1 World Championship, are preliminary, when the protests of Mercedes will be considered is not known
G7 warns Russia of responsibility for invasion of Ukraine
The foreign ministers of the G7 countries warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues its military aggression against Ukraine, according to the final statement of the parties.
The participants of the meeting also noted that they condemn the strengthening of the Russian armed forces near the country's borders.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," reads a statement published on the website of the British government.
The G7 ministers and the EU High Representative noted that they were "united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up and aggressive rhetoric towards Ukraine."
The head of the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Elizabeth Truss, at a press conference in Liverpool, warned of "big consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We have made it clear that any incursion would have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to abandon its aggression towards Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier, at the summit in Liverpool, the G7 foreign ministers agreed that in order to resolve the crisis due to the build-up of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine, the parties need to return to the negotiating table.
It was about the negotiations in the "Normandy format."
The North Atlantic Alliance has also come out in favour of a dialogue on Ukraine in the "Normandy format."
The representative of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Maria Zakharova, stated that by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "signed up to the inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Homsu Diamond belt bag.
The Diamond waist bag is perfect for sports, travel or just walking.
It is convenient to take with you, it is roomy, made of durable and light fabric material.
The main compartment opens with the help of a zipper, which can be done without difficulty even on the move.
Stylish and bright design will perfectly suit those ladies who really have a delicate taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, thanks to which various things are placed in it, from a passport to a mobile phone.
The material makes it easy to wash the belt bag using various household products.
For convenience, you can use a special strap size adjuster.
Ways of returning money stolen through online stores revealed
There are several ways to recover money stolen through online shopping and avoid becoming a victim of fraud in the future.
They were revealed by information security experts in an interview with RBC.
Thus, in order to reduce the risk of large losses if bank card data falls into the hands of malefactors, it is recommended to store fixed assets on a card or bank account that are not used for online shopping.
Part of the savings can be put into a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend having a separate card for online purchases.
If the money was stolen when shopping in stores that do not use 3D Secure security technology, you can start the refund procedure.
"Within the framework of the rules established by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions conducted without the use of 3D Secure, the responsibility is assigned to the participant in the settlement chain who does not use this service," said the representative of Promsvyazbank.
An expert from the international payment provider Ecommpay, Artur Zaremba, stressed that the buyer has the right to submit an application to the bank to challenge the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the criminal used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authorization, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online stores themselves return funds to the client if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, a member of the Public Chamber, Director of the Safe Internet League, Ekaterina Mizulina, reported that in 2021 alone, 11 thousand appeals were received on various cases of fraud: from the sale of forged documents to the theft of personal data.
According to her, an effective solution under the current circumstances could be the creation of a single window for complaints about online fraudsters.
Scholz arrives in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU legislation
The newly elected German Chancellor, Olaf Scholz, arrived in Warsaw for talks on the migrant crisis on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the build-up of Russian troops near the borders of Ukraine and the situation with the Russian gas pipeline "Nord Stream-2."
Although Scholz declared his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for many years, the leaders of the two countries expressed unambiguous expectations from each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said that he would urge Scholz to oppose Nord Stream 2, which is supposed to deliver Russian gas to Germany, bypassing Ukraine.
According to Morawiecki, Russia may use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to get into the country from Belarus.
Berlin has said it will help Warsaw and Brussels resolve the crisis.
Poland's judicial system, however, remains a point of contention.
The European Court of Justice has fined Poland, finding that judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violate EU law.
Poland refused to pay the fine and its highest court ruled that national law takes precedence over EU rules.
The new German government, sworn in on Wednesday, despite the demands of Poland and the United States, has not publicly committed to stopping the work of Nord Stream 2 in the event of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
U.S. officials have told members of Congress that they have reached an understanding with Germany to shut down a gas pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior U.S. congressional aide said on Tuesday.
German officials have not confirmed the reports, but Scholz on Wednesday warned of consequences if Russia violated Ukraine's border, a position echoed by G7 officials on Sunday.
Dmitry, look more closely.
The view outside the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
The wall between the kitchen and the room has been removed, so the second window is partially visible.
In general, those who are not familiar with the initial layout are doubtful.
But I know these apartments very well and I can see perfectly how they have been re-planned.
May all be well with them.
It always surprises me when they write about the means to wash the sink, toilet, windowsills, taps.
You wash them once a year at Easter, so you have to wash them straight away.
Just don't get dirty.
The Ministry of Digital Development wants to give writers residencies
The state will transfer to the future Fund for the Support of Russian Writers the federal property inherited from the Union of Writers of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR.
Writers' residences will be created on its basis, the Ministry of Digital Development, which will be the founder of the fund, told Parlamentskaya Gazeta.
The Ministry of Digital Development is preparing a draft presidential decree on the creation of a fund to support Russian writers.
The explanatory note clarifies that the foundation will be charged with taking care, among other things, of the targeted use and preservation of buildings and structures that once belonged to the Soviet Union of Writers and the Literary Fund.
"A significant number of real estate objects that previously belonged to the Literary Fund of the USSR have become the property of the Russian Federation, including objects located in the writers' town of Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo in Leningrad Oblast, and others," the press service of the Ministry of Digital and Mass Media told Parlamentskaya Gazeta.
The draft decree prescribes that the Fund's charter should reflect that it is "created in order to promote literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers."
"The creation of conditions for creative activity" means the creation of writers' residences in different regions of Russia on the basis of the transferred property, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creativity," the Ministry of Digital Development explained to our publication.
520 rubles for one cut tomato?
Cheese flatbread is literally a layer of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a beaker for 570...
No, it looks, of course, delicious, but the price is simply inadequate.
On Belorusskaya, apparently, all the rich people have gathered.
Doctors warned about the danger of prolonged use of blood-thinning drugs after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergei Tokarev warned about the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after contracting the coronavirus infection COVID-19 and before being vaccinated against the coronavirus.
Physician-therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that self-prevention of possible blood clots after COVID-19 can provoke a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-thinning drugs are not intended for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in a hospital, and had complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning drugs that prevent excessive formation of blood clots) as indicated.
She reported that obscurantism is now taking place - everyone is drinking anticoagulants for a long time and, against this background, is suffering complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (bleeding in the brain).
The chief preventologist of the Urals Federal District, the scientific director of the Society of Specialists in Preventive Medicine, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergei Tokarev, in an interview with URA.RU, said that Russians now often use anticoagulants indiscriminately before vaccination against coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe dubious advice on the Internet and begin to self-medicate.
There are citizens who decide to start taking anticoagulants a week before vaccination.
And during a preliminary examination before vaccination, doctors notice bruising.
He stressed that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without finding out the cause of the appearance of any symptom.
Potatoes have been called a superfood to protect against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and affordable vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing diseases of the cardiovascular system.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and microelements that contribute to the work of internal organs.
It helps with heart disease by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol, reports the Semana portal.
Today, heart disease is the leading cause of early death.
To improve the situation, it is necessary not only to be treated, but also to eat properly.
One of the helpers in such a situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to scientists, this root vegetable has a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, as well as vitamin C, which is very important for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
Micronutrients help all the internal systems of the body to work effectively.
Among other things, the root vegetable fights against natural age-related disorders in the body, contains a lot of fiber useful for the gastrointestinal tract.
With regular consumption, it can prevent atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A lady came to look at the apartment.
I came from another city to show it.
The ad contained detailed photos and a description of the apartment.
She was extremely unhappy because there was no "chic" kitchen and "chic" balcony.
The aunt, it seems, has nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, and people waste their time.
About 145 thousand teenagers were vaccinated with the first component against COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information on the vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and lactating women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, reports MIA "Kazinform" with reference to the IMC for the non-proliferation of COVID-19.
Twenty people died from coronavirus and pneumonia per day in Kazakhstan 85 coronavirus patients in extremely serious condition - Ministry of Health of the Republic of Kazakhstan Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" for coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, 181,037 people have been vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine: with the first component, and 14,580 people with the second component.
Of these, the first dose: adolescents - 144.613, pregnant women - 10.645, lactating women - 25.779.
Second dose: adolescents - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, lactating women - 2,749.
The plumber who found money in the wall of the church will be paid 20 thousand dollars
A plumber who found money in the wall of a church in the US state of Texas will be paid a reward.
This was reported in a press release by the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident occurred at the large Lakewood Evangelical Church, where Pastor Joel Osteen preaches, promising that wealth and prosperity await devout Christians.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cawley was repairing one of the church's toilets when he found thousands of packets of cash and cheques under the insulation.
He gave the find to the church and, according to him, did not even receive thanks from Austin.
"I wanted to hear him say, "You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could have done," KPRC-TV quoted him as saying.
The discovery appears to be related to a theft that occurred at the Lakewood church seven years ago.
Then about 200 thousand dollars in cash and 400 thousand dollars in the form of checks, which were stored in the church safe, disappeared.
The money was insured, so the church did not incur any losses.
Nevertheless, a reward of 25 thousand dollars was announced for information about the criminals.
Justin Cawley could not claim the money because the award had already expired.
Despite this, the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston, which at one time allocated five thousand dollars for the award and later received another 20 thousand dollars as a gift from the Lakewood Church, decided to reward the honesty of the plumber.
He will receive 20 thousand dollars.
Earlier it was reported that the police questioned Pastor Joel Osteen about the money found in the wall of the Lakewood church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is her characteristic "as a real person."
That is why the attitude towards it is so negative.
And it's not that "she is financially much richer than all writers," as they write here.
There are people who are richer, but not everyone behaves as brazenly, as defiantly, as this madam.
Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1 mattress, size 190x190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
It is based on the TFK unit (256 springs per square metre).
The springs, which are independent of each other, help to distribute the load correctly.
Coconut coir (a material made from the fibers of the coconut palm) is used as a filler.
Layers of felt are placed between the filler and the spring block.
Both sides of the mattress are above average stiffness.
Sense removable jacquard cover: 5% cotton, 95% polyester.
The density of the fabric is 116 g/m2.
Again, simple and delicious.
I was looking for chicken recipes on your page.
They gave us chicken.
Our friends grew it on their farm.
She weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to make it more delicious.
I want to find a recipe for beer-baked chicken.
Have you tried this?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes "from the Internet."
A new case of human infection with the bird flu virus has been recorded in China
A new case of human infection with the highly pathogenic H5N6 avian influenza virus has been recorded in China.
This was reported by the RTHK radio station with reference to a notification from the Hong Kong health authorities, TASS reports.
The infection was contracted by a 68-year-old resident of the urban district of Huizhou in the southern province of Guangdong, who kept poultry in the household.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The world's first human infection with the H5N6 virus strain was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
Brazil obliges citizens to present vaccination certificates when entering the country
In Brazil, it was obliged to require a Covid passport from those entering the territory of the state, the corresponding decision was made by the judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF), Luis Roberto Barroso.
CNN Brasil reports about this.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempt from presenting a certificate of vaccination.
Also included in the list of exemptions are persons arriving from countries where there is a proven lack of vaccine.
"The situation is even more serious if we consider that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for holding New Year, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which implies an increase in tourist traffic," Barroso noted.
Earlier, the Brazilian authorities obliged tourists who were not vaccinated against coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
A scheme for complete protection against COVID-19 has been revealed
In an interview with Ura.ru, virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honored Scientist of Russia, Anatoly Altstein, revealed a scheme for complete protection against coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by administering an injection and using a nasal vaccine.
When administered intranasally, large amounts of immunoglobulin A are produced. This does not happen when the vaccine is administered by injection.
Immunoglobulin A protects the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot enter the body.
But inside, after vaccination, we mostly produce immunoglobulins G (antibodies).
And if you administer both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But there is no decision yet on double vaccination," the medic said.
The chief preventologist of the Urals Federal District, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergei Tokarev, in turn, stated that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination in conjunction with injection is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that it would help that in this case the protection of the body, presumably, should be maximum.
Earlier, the Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod region, David Melik-Guseinov, said that the spread of a new coronavirus infection among children would lead to a new surge of the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to him, this is exactly the picture observed in other countries, where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked to my dog (who died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, feeding, petting, love and games for a pregnant bitch, then go ahead.
But the dog was trained and generally smart.
He chose my company and went home.
The video shows a method that works in 90% of cases.
It wasn't taken from the ceiling, believe me.
I stopped many owners from running after their dogs, even though they wailed that there were 200,000 of them running away (pomskies), I just took them by the hand and led them in the other direction.
As a result, "200 thousand" chose the owner, and not the dog, which ran somewhere there.
Mass anti-vaccine protests continue in Europe
In the Austrian capital of Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and plans of the authorities to make vaccination against Covid mandatory.
From February next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
Spaniards, outraged by the government's health policy, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some held placards reading "It's a fake pandemic" and "I won't be vaccinated."
A large protest against sanitary passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, a Covid certificate is mandatory for access to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment venues.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was made by the authorities of a number of regions of the country against the background of an increase in the number of cases of coronavirus infection.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then escalated into clashes with law enforcement officers.
A group of demonstrators began to throw stones at the police.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nikolai S., even in Wikipedia there is no consensus on this.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also designated as "the first Russian doctor, MD," probably because she started studying earlier.
Let's just not argue, I think they both deserve that title.
That's just one thing I agree with Zakharova: the Americans brought only death and plunder to any country, wherever they appeared.
Mattress Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut coir on a TFK spring block.
The mattress is hard, on both sides it is framed by layers of natural coconut.
At the base of the mattress is a block of independent TFK springs.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load, helping the body to take on its natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
Case made of natural jacquard - dense, durable, pleasant to the touch.
It is bad and sad to grow old alone, but it is inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad when you read about it.
A person should live as long as he can serve himself and not be a burden to anyone.
Good health to all.
WHO has already detected "omicron" in six dozen countries
The World Health Organization (WHO) stated that the new strain of coronavirus "omicron" has already been detected in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already saying that the spread of the new strain could have catastrophic consequences.
The rate of spread of the strain was described in a WHO report.
According to the organization, as of December 9, the strain has already been detected in 63 countries, in all six regions of the WHO.
This is despite the fact that it has only been actively distributed since the end of November.
The WHO is also concerned about the high rate of spread of the new coronavirus variant.
WHO experts are concerned that, according to preliminary data, the new strain may outstrip the "delta" strain, aka the Indian variant of the coronavirus, which is currently leading in all countries without exception.
Prior to this, the Director General of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, stated that the omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in the UK.
Experts at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that "omicron" will replace "delta" in the coming months.
And the number of cases in Britain alone will be about 1 million. This is despite the fact that officially, several hundred people are currently ill with "omicron" in the Kingdom, and according to estimates, up to 10 thousand.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the omicron strain, and at the peak, more than 2 thousand people will be taken to hospitals daily.
Which the British health system will not be able to cope with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that according to recent studies, the effectiveness of the vaccine from Pfizer-BioNTech against the "omicron" strain is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
It is not yet known how the Russian Sputnik V reacts to "omicron" - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has just begun testing the Russian vaccine on the "omicron" strain.
Why do we need to see the stages of aging?
It would be better to SEE the performance of your exercises in more detail.
It is not clear in the first exercise how to do: sitting on the heels or kneeling, as it is written, but how then to rest the hands on the hips?
Or hands on the waist?
Curious Belochka, you are right, communication on the Internet is completely different, people communicate easily and naturally, and when meeting in person there is nothing to say.
And to see a person live, perhaps it's not what you expected, it didn't catch on - hence the attitude.
When she meets her man, then her views will change.
And again, the Soviet era is called the "time of devils."
Back then, people believed in God much more honestly than they do today.
And they were brought up practically according to God's laws (love for one's neighbor, do not steal, etc.).
What is today's ideology - money at any price.
Talkers like Globa have little faith (indeed, none at all), but even if so, the time of the demons came in the 90s...
Our St. Petersburg, or rather Leningrad, communal apartment with Bolshoi Zelenina maintains communication to this day.
Of course, we are not the closest of friends, but we try to maintain the warmth of the relationship of the older generation.
Maybe this is due to the fact that there were no newcomers in the apartment, the rooms were not rented out, and no one canceled the blockade brotherhood.
Unfortunately, we see each other more often at funerals.
Lara Angelskaya, give it up!
Human cubs, especially male ones, are strong, mobile and energetic, they run amok, push, wrestle, fight, just like their little "brethren" in the wild!
It's just a pity that they are not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches are commonplace, and not a boomerang!
And for what?
Did he push Bratik without calculating his strength?
And are you always so deft that you have never accidentally hurt anyone and have never injured yourself?
SkySleep Wave Space BS mattress 150x185 cm.
The Bonnel Wave Space BS mattress has a moderate firmness on both sides.
The comfortable layers of the mattress are a combination of a coconut board and artificial latex with a raised surface - ErgoFoam.
The cover of the product is cotton, made of jacquard weave fabric.
It is durable, resistant to wear, at the same time it allows air to pass through well, without interfering with the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is quilted with synthetic fabric, which gives it a soft feel.
A practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coconut coir has antimicrobial properties, it is tough, evenly distributes the weight falling on it.
Artificial latex with a cellular cutting surface provides the mattress with a micromassage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
The Bonnell block, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it can withstand heavy loads, it is well suited for pairs with a small difference in weight.
The perimeter of the product is reinforced with a box made of polyurethane foam - it extends the service life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennett announced the start of vaccinations in schools
The Israeli Ministry of Health is starting an emergency program on Sunday to increase vaccinations.
Since the morning of December 12, vaccination against the coronavirus has been carried out in schools throughout Israel.
The Prime Minister of the Jewish state, Naftali Bennett, announced at today's cabinet meeting that the issue of vaccinating citizens at risk with the fourth dose will also be studied.
In Israel, mass vaccination of the population against the coronavirus infection COVID-19 began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are being vaccinated with the Pfizer drug.
From January 10 of last year, those vaccinated began to receive the second dose.
Vaccination of adolescents aged 12-15 in this country started at the beginning of June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of vaccination, the third - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gower, well, probably, the tick will not crawl on the trap, it is also SPIDER-SHAPED, as Lyalya put it.
In any case, I don't see a tick.
But I'm curious, what if there is?
We need to throw something else at him, to tempt him.
Children's mattress Dimax Genius 70x190
Children's two-sided mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut coir on the basis of an independent spring block EVS500.
Children's springless mattress made of latex and coconut on an independent spring block.
Natural latex is a soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep as comfortable as possible.
On the reverse side is a mattress of medium hardness, comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
At the base of the mattress is a block of independent springs.
The springs distribute the load on the surface of the mattress as accurately and evenly as possible, supporting the body in its natural position.
An excellent option for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
The material is durable, wear-resistant, and not subject to abrasion.
In Brazil, as a result of downpours, seven people died
At least seven people died and 175 were injured as a result of heavy rains that hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas Gerais.
TASS reports this with reference to the rescue services.
An extra-tropical cyclone has been raging on the border of these states since the middle of the week, as a result of which the level of rainfall in the region has reached 450 mm. A state of emergency has been declared in 25 municipalities of the state of Bahia, in some of them the floods have become the most destructive in 35 years.
The element destroyed several bridges, two river dams, and blocked traffic on three highways.
According to rescuers, about 5,700 people were left homeless, and another 6,700 were forced to leave their homes.
The damage from the disaster affected more than 85 thousand residents of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol ointment, I work with medicines.
It relieves inflammation well.
Personally, I prefer Bepanthen for the regeneration of superficial wounds and abrasions, but you know on the spot which is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is underway, it was such a hole, it was just awful.
Hola, España, you did not hear or understand me.
I will answer with the lines of M. Isakovsky: "Migratory birds are flying\nLook for the past summer.\n
They fly to hot countries,\nBut I don't want to fly away,\nBut I'm staying with you,\nMy dear side!\n
I don't need a foreign sun, I don't need a foreign land."
And believe me that the photos from the park where I skied, or my city will be no worse.
By the way, it would be much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Wax crayons MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 crayons, unscrewing, in a plastic case.
A set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a twist-out rod.
They don't crumble, they don't get dirty, they are absolutely safe.
They do not require sharpening.
The case is made of high-quality durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: ziplock bag.
$135 billion went to applications - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending in apps grew globally by 25%, and the number of downloads by 8%.
The most popular in the world were various video services.
Users downloaded the video editor CapCut the most, and spent the most on YouTube.
Both the number of app downloads and user spending in them showed significant growth in the period from January to November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. User spending in applications grew even more significantly: by 25%, to a record $135 billion.
Such data was published by the analytical company App Annie, which presented a report on the market of mobile applications in 2021.
In 2021, the global economy emerged from lockdown and began its post-pandemic recovery.
"Will this "return to the physical" slow down the growth of the app economy? Not at all," the authors of the report believe.
India became the leader in the number of app downloads: it accounts for about 20% of all downloads.
It is followed by the USA (9%) and Brazil (8%).
Users of gadgets on iOS, as before, spent more than users with Android: iOS accounted for 65% of all spending in applications.
Among applications, the first place in the number of downloads for 2021 was taken by the video editor CapCut.
It is followed by two Indian apps: video service MX TakaTak and online shopping app Meesho.
Telegram is also in the top 10 by number of downloads.
In general, judging by the number of downloads, VPN services are popular among users (there are two in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to creating and broadcasting videos (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak, the top 10 includes two more such services - Moj and SnackVideo).
"Users spent the most in applications for live broadcasts and online streaming," the authors of the report note.
YouTube is the leader here, the top 5 in terms of user spending also includes the TikTok video service, Disney+ and HBO Max streaming video services, as well as the Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma.
The first places in terms of the number of monthly active users are occupied by Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok, and the mobile version of Microsoft Office rounds out the top 5.
In Russia, the leader in the number of downloads for the year turned out to be the AliExpress shopping application.
It is followed by the Zenly service, which shows the location of friends, and the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 applications are: online karaoke StarMaker, online clothing retailer Shein, Maps for Minecraft PE application, online taxi service DiDi, YouTube client Pure Tuber, retailer application Dixy and online store Samokat.
All over the world, people have adapted to the pandemic by switching to mobile life, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The industries that did the best were those that helped people connect both virtually and in person," said App Annie's head of research, Lexi Sydow.
The revenue of the mobile games sector in 2021 reached $90 billion. The leaders in the number of downloads were casual and hyper-casual games, in which there is no or almost no plot, and the video design is minimal.
The top 3 most popular games in the world included Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia, the leading games are DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends of the next year, the company's analysts named the growth in the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growing popularity of financial applications among Generation Z, for example, applications for investors Robinhood, as well as a further increase in the popularity of metaverse mobile games.
Clan De File dog treat with beef, 30 pieces of 40 g.
Natural beef jerky treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Clan De File - dog meat fillet with beef, and nothing more.
Natural jerky treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Only one type of protein is used in the preparation - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, which means that the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the delicacy is meat fillet processed in accordance with the quality standards that are used in the preparation of food for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily ration: no more than 10% of the daily ration of an adult animal.
Energy value: 407 kcal.
Ingredients: Fillet of beef.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians were warned about a new fraud scheme
Attackers began to look for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
Izvestia writes about this with reference to experts.
According to Zaur Abutalimov, director of products at Ivideon, the main danger associated with the spread of video communication tools is deepfakes.
In this case, the fraudsters create a fake video based on real recordings with the participation of the victim.
Thanks to this, the neural network is able to accurately reproduce the characteristics of the behavior of a particular person.
Abutalimov added that using a deepfake, attackers can call acquaintances of the victim via video link or create a video with the participation of a copy of a person for distribution for the purpose of blackmail.
"Such fakes can easily provoke bullying, since a savvy attacker can place people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scenarios," the expert said.
Lead system engineer at Varonis, Alexander Vetkol, in turn, noted that psychologically, people trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this could create specific risks in the case of technologies using video.
David, I will add.
In what I wrote above, I emphasized that I bought all this in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow much make-up and walking in short skirts, showing stockings and tights on legs.
This is the provinces, but there WAS such a product in the store.
In the big cities, Muslim women also wore makeup and showed their buttocks.
That's how it is in Dushanbe, it's a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are many fashionistas, but not the same cosmetics.
Listed are five actions that will help avoid diabetes
Problems with blood sugar levels are among the most common in the world.
However, some do not attach much importance to this, and for good reason.
Over time, diabetes can lead to serious complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a major role in preventing the formation of diseases.
So, doctors recommend changing the drinking regime - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to plain water has a positive effect on metabolism.
Sugary foods raise blood sugar to dangerous levels when consumed in excess.
Therefore, the first step towards a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and storing them at home.
The appearance of the disease is influenced not only by improper diet, but also by habits.
To reduce the risks of diabetes, you need to move a lot.
Experts advise sticking to a low-carb diet.
Such a diet will not only help to reduce weight, but also protect against sharp fluctuations in sugar levels.
To protect against diabetes, you need to eat a lot of fiber.
Dietary fiber fills the stomach and thus contributes to the feeling of satiety, the release of digestive juices and increased absorption of food.
Tomato seeds GAVRISH Pink Bush F1.0.10 g, article no. 4241014.
Low-growing early beef tomato with abundant fruit production for cultivation in the open ground and under temporary film shelters.
The plant is determinate, with short internodes.
The fruits are large, rich pink, quite dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by leaves, well stored.
The flesh is juicy, with a sugary taste.
The hybrid is resistant to a range of diseases.
It is recommended for preparing salads, snacks and slicing.
Sowing for seedlings: in late March - early April.
Pickering - in the phase of the first true leaf.
Planting of seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After planting in open ground, the plants are shaped and tied.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has an energy efficiency class A, which allows you to consume significantly less electricity during operation.
The freezer is perfect for both a private house and an apartment thanks to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and excellent noise insulation.
The camera works no louder than a regular refrigerator.
The quick-freeze function freezes foods in the shortest possible time, preserving the maximum amount of nutrients.
The freezer Slavda FC-160 corresponds to the climatic class N/ST, which allows it to work without problems at a room temperature of up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova spoke about "weekend migraine" in workaholics
Several factors can lead to a deterioration in well-being at the weekend
The reason for the deterioration of well-being after working days is often a "weekend migraine," said a well-known endocrinologist, candidate of medical sciences, senior researcher at the Faculty of Fundamental Medicine of Moscow State University, scientific director of the System Medicine Clinic, Zuhra Pavlova, in her telegram channel.
According to her, workaholics, who have a headache, fatigue and weakness at the weekend, are particularly likely to suffer from this.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to the fatigue accumulated over the week, there are quite a few objective reasons for the body's negative reaction to the change in conditions.
At the weekend, our lives change radically.
"We sleep for a long time, lie on the couch all day, most likely we eat more, but drink less, the doctor argued. - Due to the lack of coffee, a small withdrawal begins.
Due to overeating and lack of water - heaviness and weakness."
The late rise plays an additional role.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, then there will be a reaction that is called jet lag.
It occurs in travellers who cross several time zones.
To determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of well-being, Pavlova recommended tracking what changes the most over the weekend.
Mattress Benartti Optimal Hard S1000.130x185.
The reinforced perimeter of high-density foam significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
Mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of rigidity, total height of the mattress 23 cm.
The maximum permissible load on one berth is up to 140 kg.
The basis of the mattress is the independent spring unit "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows you to properly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring unit, an insulating layer of felt has been added, separating the fillers of the mattress and the springs.
On one side of the mattress is a 2 cm thick layer of coconut coir, which gives the mattress additional rigidity and durability.
Cotton jacquard quilted with 2 cm thick faux latex and 1 cm thick Hollcon for extra comfort.
On the other side of the mattress is a 1 cm thick layer of coconut coir and a layer of felt.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the layers.
South African scientists announced the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
In South Africa, they announced the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
Scientists from the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported on the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus infection.
It is estimated that it (the level of neutralization of "omicron") corresponds to a (level of) vaccine efficacy of 22.5% against symptomatic infection, which... calls into question the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection, says the text of the study published on the MedRxiv portal.
At the same time, experts clarified that the drug can save from the severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of the coronavirus could cause a new wave of the pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in common foods?
Sugar is not the best source of healthy nutrients.
Its excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cause cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should be aware that hidden sugar - an ingredient similar to sugar in terms of calorie content, composition and glycemic index - may be listed under an unfamiliar word in the product's composition.
Several dozen names, essentially designating sugar, can be presented on the label.
Some of the most common and frequently encountered names are glucose and fructose.
There may also be other digested sugars such as dextrose (sugar derived from corn), levulose (fruit sugar), molasses (black treacle), agave syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be not only in confectionery, but also in ketchup, in doctor's sausage, bread, etc.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, as well as pay attention to the label and the many different names of sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but whatever the name of the ingredient in the product - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it is still sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar, since it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the package, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total amount of sugar can be much higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: gas will lose importance for Germany in 25 years
The new German Chancellor, Olaf Scholz, said that gas imports are losing importance for Germany, as the country continues its transition to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal by 2045, becoming a climate-neutral country.
"In other words, in 25 years the world will be such that the issue of transporting gas to Germany and Europe will play a different role," the Chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany continues to remain committed to ensuring that Ukraine transports Russian natural gas in the future, since at the moment this resource is important for the energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States made a statement in which Berlin's support for Ukraine's energy transformation was recorded.
Earlier, the head of the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Annalena Baerbock, stated that the process of certification of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline is ongoing.
According to the minister, as part of the coalition negotiations and discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that European law in the field of energy should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline still "does not meet the requirements" of the European Union.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
In 1985, I had to travel to those regions.
I remember very well the ChMEZ, rising from Kanatchikovo station uphill, past an old building (similar to a post of centralization, two-story), along Kanatchikovsky Passage, and turning right onto Vavilova Street, to the factory gate...
Indian Prime Minister's Twitter hacked
Hackers broke into the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The attackers managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India had allegedly recognized Bitcoin as legal tender, and that the country had already purchased the cryptocurrency.
Modi's office asked that the new reports be ignored.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter reacted quickly - they restored access to the account.
The page of the Prime Minister of India was already hacked in 2020 and called for donations to the fund with the help of cryptocurrency.
In the referendum in New Caledonia, the majority voted against independence
In New Caledonia, the third referendum, held on December 12, ended with the same result as the previous two.
According to the first partial results announced on Sunday, December 12, at noon, the majority of New Caledonians voted during the referendum against the independence of their territory.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the previous two.
According to the preliminary results published by the local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) voted for the independence of New Caledonia from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted against.
Turnout was 43.90%, with more than 80,000 New Caledonians voting in total.
As Agence France-Presse comments on these interim results, "the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt," as supporters of independence called on voters not to participate in the vote.
Being the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that the new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic in the archipelago prevents a full and "honest" election campaign.
Thus, this non-participation opened the way to the third victory of the supporters of French New Caledonia, after the referendums held in November 2018 and in October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, in 2020 - 53.3%.
As the separatists stated, they do not recognize the results of the last vote and will challenge them in the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, in the Elysee Palace, French President Emmanuel Macron is to speak on the results of this referendum.
The topic of New Caledonia's independence has in many ways enlivened the final weeks of the French presidential campaign.
Several presidential candidates have spoken out in favour of the territory remaining part of France, as it is "the last region of presence of the European Union in the Pacific Ocean."
"New Caledonia must remain French," Eric Zemmour has repeatedly said.
The same statement was made by the Republican candidate Valerie Pecresse, who at the end of October published a column in Le Figaro, calling on the Caledonians to remain French.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take a position "because it is not his responsibility."
However, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "a strong desire that the choice of the Caledonians is the choice of France."
Light, oh, hello!
I've annoyed you a bit... a lot, and it's still embarrassing and shameful.
Thank you for not turning your back on my channel.
On the subject: I am not an artist, I like to draw, but the result is an inspired daub.
But as an artist - not an artist at all: what would I change?
But let's not forget that food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as widespread as it is now.
But medicine was at zero - leeches, garlic and decoctions.
They would be back on their feet in no time.
And food has absolutely nothing to do with it.
The world's first drone with a laser weapon was tested in Turkey
The world's first drone with a laser weapon has been successfully tested in Turkey.
The Eren UAV was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 m, reports MIR24.
The device is capable of neutralizing explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum flight altitude of the novelty reaches 3 thousand meters.
After passing the appropriate tests, the UAV should enter service with the Turkish military, which will use it to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of sappers.
The agency emphasizes that Turkey is among six countries in the world capable of developing and producing its own drones.
I cut the pink salmon with steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper and allspice.
Sometimes I added cloves, they don't get in the way.
In a deep cup, topped with a saucer.
Well, whatever.
And why do I need this salmon, for such money I don't know what it is, pink salmon is a great fish.
Bread, butter, croissant.
Stupid sandwich.
WSJ readers criticize article on Russia-U.S. relations
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized an article by Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the material expressed concern that the West is allegedly sacrificing Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow, and made a number of offensive statements about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the end, Hartwell called on Western countries to "present a united front against Russia."
WSJ readers expressed their disagreement with the position of the American professor.
"There is quite a lot of false information in this article," RIA Novosti quotes one reader's comment.
"Europe is not ours to "lose," and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never enter into a nuclear war with Russia for the sake of Ukraine," said another.
The patches can also be applied to the lips.
The hydrogel used in the production of Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorption and transfer of highly concentrated natural plant essence to the skin, fits tightly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
When transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the associated loss of moisture and causes the essence to penetrate into the deeper layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with remote control Nores
The NORES 2085/EL lamp consists of a metal base and a plastic diffuser.
The material of the diffuser is a high-quality matte white acrylic, which provides the lamp with uniform diffusion and good light transmission.
The shape of the lampshade: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots, giving the switched-on lamp a beautiful effect of "star flicker" and transfusion.
The degree of protection IP43 allows the lamp to be used in certain areas of wet rooms.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, with a power of 72 W, which corresponds to a 520 W incandescent lamp.
As well as the remote control, which is used to smoothly change the color temperature of 3000-6000K, change the brightness, switch to the warm/white/cold/night light switching mode.
Uryazh Moisturizing Thermal Night Face Mask 50 ml.
Ultra-moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rested and radiant skin in the morning!
A real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tones, smoothes the skin's surface and repairs the skin barrier.
Very nice water-gel texture without stickiness.
An excellent skin care product after active exposure to the sun!
Hypoallergenic.
Earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril Islands
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 231.8 km north-east of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
The source lay at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier, seismologists recorded a 7.5 magnitude earthquake in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to make his way in the world, there is no telling where his petty-bourgeois thinking would have taken him.
It's good when you come to America as a famous person.
But if you were born there, you don't know what you would fight for.
So it was in vain that he poured mud, bile and venom on the system, the fairer of which no one has yet invented.
Ukraine will start producing a new generation of jet drones
At the new Ukrainian-Turkish plant, they will begin to create ANKA-type jet unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs).
This was reported on December 11 by the freelance adviser to the head of the Ukrainian president's office, Aleksei Arestovich.
That is, they are capable of acting against aerial objects, against other drones.
Even against manned aircraft.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of the Turkish avionics: hull and the like," Dialog.ua quotes him as saying.
Commenting on the main features of ANKA vehicles, Arestovich said that we are talking about reactive, not piston UAVs.
According to him, this is a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceed it "in all characteristics."
The first batch of UAVs should be produced by the plant at the end of next year, concluded Arestovich.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the drone has been carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
The day before, the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems during the military operations of the joint forces in Donbass.
On December 6, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced that the construction of a plant for the production of modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense entered into an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kiev region, which will provide personnel training, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish Bayraktar UAVs.
The press service of the office of the Ukrainian leader called this memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from a container at the airport
Lions have escaped at Singapore's Changi Airport.
The Straits Times reports about this.
Two of the predators managed to escape from a container with seven lions that arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were heading.
One of the escaped lions lay down on the roof of the container.
The animals could not get away from him because of the protective netting installed nearby.
The standoff ended after staff from the Mandai Wildlife Group, which oversees all Singapore zoos, arrived at the airport.
They immobilized the lions with tranquilizer darts and plan to take them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, a lion escaped from its owner and roamed the streets of the city.
On the same day, the animal voluntarily returned home, people were not injured.
Experts warned about the threat of cancer due to vitamin B9
Research suggests that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
The Daily Express warned about this.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people who are not deficient in folic acid have a lower risk of developing certain types of cancer, in particular, colorectal.
However, exceeding the required dose, on the contrary, promotes the growth of cancer cells.
Nutritionist Beth Kitchin, a professor at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, advises monitoring the amount of folic acid consumed throughout the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only if you significantly deviate from this figure to a greater or lesser extent.
Kitchin recommends not taking vitamin B9 pills without a doctor's recommendation, be sure to monitor the dosage and avoid cereal with milk and other foods that contain folic acid.
Earlier, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Since it is found in avocados, among other things, Fine recommended that men over 50 should eat this fruit more often.
In the UK, by April, about 75 thousand people may die because of the omicron strain
Forecasts by British scientists show that due to the spread of the omicron strain of coronavirus, up to 75 thousand people could die in England in the next five months, if restrictive measures are not tightened in the winter.
This was reported by The Guardian newspaper, citing a study by experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), TASS reports.
According to the most optimistic forecast of specialists who are part of the Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies at the British Cabinet Office, by April 2022, at least 25 thousand deaths will be recorded in the country due to the omicron strain, and a total of about 175 thousand patients will be hospitalized.
At the same time, at the peak of the morbidity, hospitals will receive more than 2 thousand infected people daily.
"A major coronavirus response may be needed to prevent the NHS being overwhelmed if the omicron strain turns out to be more infectious than the delta variant, and current vaccines are unable to rule out infections," said mathematician Roseanna Barnard from LSHTM.
Earlier, the Health Protection Agency of Great Britain informed: if the rate of spread of the omicron strain continues at the current level, then by the end of the year about 1 million cases of infection will be detected in the country.
At the same time, by mid-December, the omicron strain may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
At the moment, 1898 cases of infection with the omicron strain of coronavirus have been detected in the UK, of which 633 were detected in the last 24 hours.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sajid Javid, indicated that in reality this figure could already reach 10 thousand cases.
I wanted to write a clever comment, but I ended up reading this:
"A fur coat obtained as a result of the incredible suffering of an unfortunate animal and its employment in a second job."
And fell under the table!
It turns out that the "unfortunate animal" is the husband, but I thought it was a chinchilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Krai, judging by the dislikes, the thoughts you express are not very accessible to the majority.
What did you mean - that those who are on Instagram are faking it, or that they really do have time for everything, because they don't need to pretend?
The SE is like a garbage chute, everything that wasn't dispersed at one time ends up here.
If you set a goal and dig deep, you can find something worthwhile among the rubbish.
You just have to be patient and know exactly what you're looking for.
The global demand for superyachts has grown by a quarter
The construction of superyachts this year and orders for next year are breaking all records in the world, despite calls to reduce the carbon footprint and combat climate change.
In the global ship register, the number of yachts ordered amounted to 1,200 units - a quarter more than last year.
In an era of climate action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, it is hard to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for a floating fortress for 50 million pounds and above will not decrease, writes "The Guardian."
However, they are becoming more numerous.
This year, 25% more vessels were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokers say that there has not been such a rush on the market for 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht are afraid of infection on land and prefer to escape the pandemic on board their own vessel.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If earlier all these people went to the office and met with business partners in person, now the absolute majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are conducted via Zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards are taking orders for new yachts for 2025 and beyond.
This means that customers are willing to pay more, if only their yacht was ready at least a year or two earlier.
"People just crave freedom, and the super rich could afford it," he says.
In Western society, many criticize this behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, sociologists say, do not want to understand that in times of hardship, space travel, living on yachts or flying in their own planes cause irritation in society, since the elite does not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are calling on governments to act and propose new taxes and regulations for the super-rich, although they understand that with such mobility of money, it will be extremely difficult to implement.
Meanwhile, only the number of ordered super-yachts is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1,200 vessels, 27 have a stern length of more than 100 metres.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke is building the 183 meter yacht REV Ocean.
Once launched, it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a "moon pool," as well as a submarine designed to explore the depths of the sea.
On existing super-yachts, helicopter pads, open-air cinemas, and on some of them, as, for example, on the fighter McGregor's yacht, a platform for martial arts, have become common.Professor of economic anthropology at the American University in Indiana, Richard Wilke, says that compared to the total number of greenhouse gas emissions, the carbon footprint produced by the super-rich is insignificant.
But it has symbolic significance, given that there are just over 2,000 multi-billionaires in the world.
It's just another example of overconsumption by a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emissions footprint of billionaires is thousands of times greater than that of the average inhabitant of the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, then the planet's biggest polluter, Roman Abramovich, is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two-thirds of the emissions footprint came from his 162.5-meter yacht Eclipse.
Even if the owner is not on board the yacht, the team continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the command to drive the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners don't get much sympathy from others when they, like Australia's richest woman Gina Rinehart, who owns mines on the continent, complain via YouTube that there is no berth for their giant vessels.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for vessels with a draught of less than 50 metres.
Dangerous weekly dose of alcohol leading to bowel cancer identified
American scientists have determined what volume of alcoholic beverages per week increases the risk of developing cancer.
The Daily Express writes about this.
Experts came to the conclusion that the consumption of four or more servings of alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of developing cancer.
At the same time, the likelihood of developing the disease increases with the amount of alcohol consumed.
What's more, moderate male drinkers have a higher risk of bowel cancer than women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact cause of the development of this type of oncology, noting only that certain factors lead to a process that is harmful to the body.
Thanks to the author for the worthy material and photos.
Sergei, I don't see anything wrong with egoism and pride.
Just like you don't see the selfishness and pride in a man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to burden her with expenses and responsibilities, while he himself enjoys the title of father from a safe distance.
Why are they working in the ministry, they belong in the circus.
I understand that everything had to be on a royal scale, but the model is very hypertrophied.
It's hard to even imagine how poor Diana was crammed into a carriage, let alone any kind of transportation.
I was 12 years old and I remember watching the ceremony on TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful, voluminous dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at this dress, I changed my mind about being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old
Many, or rather all dog lovers are sure that these creatures are very intelligent.
But even they have no idea how advanced these four-legged pets really are.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out for sure how the intelligence of animals is developed.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, a new study proves that a dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The scientists' work was published in the journal Sciencealert.
Dogs can't play chess or write poetry, they don't understand politics, economics or art, yet they often manage to fool their owners.
Representatives of some breeds, experts believe, show better results in understanding the words of the human language, but there is not yet enough statistical data for accurate conclusions.
For example, some breeds are traditionally considered to be canine geniuses - for example, Labradors.
Scientists came to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and their ability to learn is not inferior to that of a two-year-old child.
Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200 mattress.
Mattress on an independent spring block TFK with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent TFK block.
It is a robust modern construction of 512 independent springs per berth.
Each spring is in a separate bag and has no influence on the neighboring ones.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person assumes a natural form during sleep.
The springs are insulated from the upper layers with thermal foil for strength.
On top of the felt there are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and beautiful properties.
One side is completed with a thin layer of natural seven-zone latex.
This natural filler has 7 comfort zones, promotes the perception of a person's weight, and has a light massage effect.
The Antistress cover is made of velour, quilted with 250 g of Hallcon per square metre.
It is pleasant to the touch and externally, has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a prime example is Axel's deep-sea angler Taumaticht.
Some of its victims are so large that they cause the death of the angler.
It simply cannot swallow them, and its teeth do not allow it to spit out too large prey back into the water.
If you are indifferent to the fate of your real estate in the amount of four objects, then why did you decide that your objects are interesting to someone and he will take care of them?
Today, the law fully enables you to manage your property.
Manage it yourself if you don't like how others do it.
In Ukraine, they prepared for trade between the US and Russia
The United States and Russia will "bargain" over Ukraine's entry into NATO, analyst Alexander Kochetkov said in his article for Glavred.
In his opinion, Washington and Moscow plan to continue negotiations in the near future regarding the guarantees of the United States that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of the American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries to "join anywhere."
If you are offered something that is obviously unacceptable, for example, to sell a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not bargain, but simply send the offerer.
And in relation to Ukraine, a bargain is being planned," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks dialogue with Kiev.
"Preparations are carried out covertly, and they quickly and immediately go on the offensive, rather than waiting for the group to be discovered and counter-forces deployed," he noted.
China promotes the development of the railway industry
China's advanced technologies attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the 2021 China International Rail Vehicle and Equipment Exhibition held in Zhuzhou, Hunan Province (Central China).
The core technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical faults, said company representative Hou Zhaowen.
The high-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway line, which was put into operation at the beginning of this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and performance of the rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased the export of railway vehicles, and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed."
In May this year, CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd rolled out the first domestically developed double-deck high-speed electric trains for export to Europe.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, the trial operation of the metro train developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey began.
The train will move along the metro line connecting the center of Istanbul with the city's airport.
Traffic on this metro line will be opened next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey with a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"China's railway equipment industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovative competitiveness," said Feng Yaosiang, head of the trade and investment department of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT).
"This industry is the main competitive advantage of China's high-end equipment production in the global market," said Feng Yaoxiang.
After more than 60 years of hard work, through a series of independent research and development, China has established an advanced railway equipment manufacturing system, with a complete set of supporting facilities and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaosiang, the country ranks first in terms of railway electrification and operating mileage on high-speed and urban railways.
Biologist listed the early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin, in an interview with Sputnik radio, listed the early signs of dementia.
According to him, signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a number of mild cognitive impairments, such as inability to concentrate, plan, and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
There is currently a debate that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence, the specialist said.
Golosheikin stressed that the causes of dementia can be neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, certain infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of cerebral vessels are the most frequent causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that to date, doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
According to him, learning foreign languages and active communication will help reduce the risk of developing dementia.
WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly training cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking.
"There are recommendations for the use of various dietary supplements, but their effectiveness and appropriateness are still being discussed in the scientific community," Golosheikin said.
"The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities with the help of games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking," Golosheikin said.
Earlier, the charity Dementia Research UK said the disease was increasingly affecting people in their 40s.
Doctors have named the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first warning sign can be considered problems with vision, due to which the patient acquires difficulties in recognizing objects.
Another sign of developing dementia, experts called aphasia - a condition when a person cannot find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
The neurologist demanded to send Saakashvili for treatment abroad
The former president of Georgia, Mikhail Saakashvili, is in need of psycho-nervous treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze, who is a member of the doctors' council created under the Georgian Ombudsman, told reporters.
His [Saakashvili's] neurological status is the leading factor in his illness.
Stable problems are problems with movement, coordination, variability of character," the specialist said, noting that this does not go beyond the regulatory framework and now the ex-president needs to be sent for special rehabilitation.
"This is what we call neurorehabilitation and psycho-nervous rehabilitation, the possibility of which we have not found in Georgia," Toidze noted, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution, which Georgia does not have.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began to sabotage receiving medical care after the penitentiary service officers subjected him to disciplinary punishment.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to overturn the punishment and restore his former rights.
Alexandra, "You also charge money for this?" - I wonder where such people come from...
Is it normal to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we eat prana?
There is another side to the coin.
After all, these people are parasites on the body of society.
They do not work, do not pay taxes, live on benefits and at the expense of their relatives.
At the same time, they receive full medical care.
How many mouths can a worker feed?
We feed all the alcoholics, drug addicts, who also lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we are surprised by the extension of the retirement age.
These amounts could be spent on the treatment of really sick people.
Undoubtedly, the red flag of Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and should not be confused with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, it is a symbol of the communist movement, so it can never again be a state flag.
It's time for the author to stop with the provocative articles, it's time to calm down and start living a normal life, not the past.
In Spain, there were protests against COVID passports
In the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, protests were held against the mandatory certificate of vaccination against COVID-19, reports the Europa Press agency.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action was approximately 3 thousand people.
In Barcelona, COVID-passports have become mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment venues.
Many demonstrators came to the action without masks.
With slogans on their placard, they accused the state of totalitarianism and called for the choice of citizens to be respected.
In Valencia, vaccination certificates will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
Protesters in the city denounced a medical dictatorship and called the vaccination an experiment.
In Spain, more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been detected since the beginning of the pandemic, and more than 88 thousand patients have died.
Russia also plans to introduce restrictions for the unvaccinated.
The government submitted draft laws on a unified QR code system to the State Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to visit the venues of mass events, cultural institutions, catering and retail facilities with the presentation of either a certificate of vaccination or illness, or a certificate of vaccination.
The same rules will apply to travel by train and plane.
Roaster Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast with glass lid.
Cast griddle with non-stick coating Anthracite TM Tradition.
The dishes are designed for daily use at home.
The exceptional strength and durability of the non-stick coating, equivalent to the resistance of natural stone, is designed specifically for intensive use on a daily basis.
Thick-walled cast housing.
Five-layer non-stick coating system of the latest generation.
Premium coating enhanced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection against sticking.
It has good non-stick properties for easy and pleasant preparation of healthy dishes without oil and fat.
At least 4000 thousand cycles of preparation, subject to the rules of operation.
Suitable for all types of plates except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each product is 4 years (subject to the rules of use, 4 years for the case and 1 year for the non-stick coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Pots and roasters can be used in the oven without a glass lid.
Easy to wash.
Logically, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and rarely gets sick (once or twice a year with SARS), then his immunity is normal.
Immunomodulators of any kind are generally not recommended for prophylaxis by doctors.
Immunity is supported by a healthy diet and regime plus sport.
On this basis, vaccination against influenza and this Covid is pointless.
Filter anti-aerosol 3M 5925.
Degree of protection FFP2, 2 pcs.
Serial No. 713946.
Replaceable filter of the FFP2 brand for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
It protects the user's respiratory tract from various substances in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions where the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used to protect against bacteria/viruses together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
Protection class FFP2 has a MAC value greater than 0.05 mg/m3, with a maximum contaminant concentration of 12 x MAC.
Respirators of this protection class are able to retain at least 94% of harmful substances.
The prefilters are attached to the gas mask filters using the 3M 501 holder.
Features: low resistance to breathing.
Does not obstruct the view.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half masks, as well as 3M full face masks.
Compatibility with other PPE required in difficult working conditions is ensured.
The wide eyes of the "constitutional monarch," judging by the Internet, have not only annoyed me.
And this family PR - the children, the father...
Revva didn't seem like anyone to me.
All I knew was that Zaitz should be pestered - Batrukha da Batrukha.
Well, I found out, I said once, and keep quiet, let your friend prove himself, that's what we were fighting for.
Steep ascent: how the Chinese become downhill skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create world-class resorts in the country
In China, it is hoped that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to winter sports, which will allow the collection of 1 trillion yuan designated by President Xi Jinping, but will also contribute to the economic development of backward remote provinces.
The Taiwu Ski Resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the site of the Winter Olympics, is becoming increasingly popular with the Chinese.
In addition to the construction of infrastructure, landscaping work is also being carried out in the region: workers are planting trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
In many regions of China where resorts are located, including Zhangjiakou, there are problems with snow.
The main long-term task is to provide comfortable and interesting holidays at Chinese resorts, so that all newcomers become regulars.
However, this is still a long way off.
Games adviser Justin Downes says China's ski industry has changed beyond recognition since his last visit in 2007.
Every year, more and more Chinese go to the slopes in winter.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
Despite the major changes, it will take many more years to create a ski culture here, says Downes.
Many resorts are in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions still have to actively develop and create the necessary infrastructure for recreation there.
Gao Makong, 70, lives in Chunli, near the Winter Olympics.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chongli, and now none of the local residents are out of work.
More and more shops selling clothing and equipment for winter sports are opening in the country.
On the slopes, they are opening catering points with national cuisine.
Taiwu now even has a COVID-19 testing station.
China is striving to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes should become leaders of major international competitions, and resorts and equipment should reach world standards.
More than 500 million people in the world may face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, the WHO said
More than 500 million people in the world may be plunged into extreme poverty due to the coronavirus pandemic, which has slowed down the progress of mankind in the issue of universal access to health services, said the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB).
On the occasion of the International Day of Universal Health Coverage on December 12, WHO and the World Bank published two complementary reports.
In them, they stated that the pandemic led to disruptions in the provision of medical services, caused excessive stress in health care systems.
In this regard, for the first time in 10 years, immunization coverage has decreased, and mortality from tuberculosis and malaria has increased.
The WHO and the World Bank stressed that the pandemic has caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, so it has become more difficult for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than 500 million people "into extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services out of their own pockets."
In October, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic has plunged more than 100 million people into poverty, and more than four billion people have virtually no social support.
Shirt Makita KP0810
Official dealer of Makita.
The powerful motor is ideal for folding.
Lightweight and well balanced.
Use of both standard and double-sided mini-blades.
Simple system for quick blade installation.
New ergonomic design of the case, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the effect of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped chamfering grooves of different sizes.
Optional sawdust removal system: left or right side.
Wife, it's furrier meat.
The filth is appalling.
They have already had their fill of bats and pangolins, and have started on the jellyfish.
Oh, how many more wonderful discoveries can be prepared for us by moles, praying mantises, lemmings.
Reuters: Taiwanese minister cut from "Democracy Summit" broadcast at White House request
The speech of the Minister of Digital Technologies of Taiwan, Audrey Tan, at a panel discussion during the US-organized "Summit for Democracy" was transferred to a mode without video, according to the recording of the summit on YouTube.
Reuters, citing sources, claims that the image was disabled at the request of the White House.
According to their report, the reason was a map on which Taiwan was highlighted in a separate color from the PRC, which considers the island its territory.
The map that Ms. Tan showed was compiled by CIVICUS, a South African nongovernmental organization, and ranked the countries of the world according to the degree of civil rights.
Taiwan was highlighted in green as "free," and the PRC, DPRK, Laos and Vietnam in red as "closed."
After the minister showed the map, the image on its side was replaced with a screenshot with a note that the opinions of the participants in the discussion "do not necessarily express the position of the US government."
The PRC was not invited to the "Summit for Democracy."
Reuters sources note that the map shown by the Taiwanese minister could run counter to Washington's "one China" policy.
One of the agency's sources said that after the map was shown, the US National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
Organized by Washington, the "Summit for Democracy" was held from December 9 to 10 with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" of the summit, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate, editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta, Dmitry Muratov, called for the creation of an international fund through which money obtained through corruption would be donated to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation, Yuri Averyanov, stated that the summit carried an "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge."
They give you information as if they are preparing food, and there is rotten meat everywhere, in fact, the butcher keeps every last piece of meat.
It is a classic of journalism to create a news story out of nothing.
They do not boil the meat, but the horns and hooves, producing a glue-like substance.
The finished product looks like a yellow translucent strip, almost odorless and hard as plastic, and is used as a natural gelatin.
In general, harmful substances from the processing of garbage are no less than from its decomposition.
But it saves companies a lot of money.
Therefore, a fairy tale about ecology was invented for suckers, who will also work on garbage collection free of charge for the idea.
Personally, my contribution to the environment is the refusal to acquire unnecessary and long-term use of things.
If I step out of line, I don't throw it away, I give it to charity.
Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016 football shorts, white/black (XL).
Description: football shorts are perfect for playing football and sports.
The shorts have a straight, comfortable cut.
A wide waistband combined with an adjustable drawstring ensures a comfortable fit.
The fabric is characterized by high strength, durability, lightness and good breathability, meeting the requirements of the game at any level.
The updated brand logo is on the left side.
The shorts are packed in a convenient reusable bag with a fastening flap.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide belt with drawstring, durable durable fabric, good breathability.
Characteristics.
Crawl into specialties that allow you to work over the Internet.
In our country, many people get by working for their uncles, but abroad.
But because of the difference in currencies, it is profitable for us.
Relative to other countries, we are still poor.
Of course, you will have to learn all sorts of things, but... working online allows you not to depend on the domestic labor market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And those that it creates - well, you won't make much money from them.
Table set "Selfish-unity" with gilding (4 items).
The "Royal Childhood" collection is one of the most extensive and famous collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and pacifiers, drinking bowls and mugs.
All children's silverware undergoes strict quality control.
Ecological silver, produced directly at the factory, careful manual polishing with cotton rollers make the products absolutely safe for the child.
Due to the disinfectant function of silver, regular use of silver appliances can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some of the typical childhood diseases.
Specialists of the factory received a grant for the use of a complex, but very beautiful guilloche technique, which was used by the famous Karl Faberge.
This made it possible to create surprisingly bright and voluminous images on the products.
The collection is full of cute characters that will become loyal friends for the child.
Inka Belochka, everything will be fine.
There is a second lung.
Lung tissue regenerates well, if not everything is removed, the remaining portion will grow.
If it is a pulmonectomy, then the second lung will become larger over time and will function as two.
Try to breathe on your own, fathers are stronger than daughters, they don't like tears.
Do not mourn ahead of time.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
Blue Origin's New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, which was broadcast on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended to Earth, TASS reports.
The launch of the carrier rocket was carried out from the cosmodrome near the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to an altitude of just over 100 km, and the space tourists found themselves in a state of weightlessness.
The launch vehicle itself landed normally on the site of the cosmodrome.
On July 20, Blue Origin successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard spacecraft with passengers on board.
RESERVATIONS OF VILLAGE MOSCOW.
You don't have to lump them together - there are bad people, you may have complaints about them on a particular occasion...
but what does the number of children, age, pension fund and other things have to do with it?
Write that they are "scumbags, they didn't return the money."
But how many and when they have children is none of your business, until they decide to hang these children around your neck.
And if this is excluded, then what right do you have to condemn them?
It's probably only in education...
The chosen (by themselves) parents dictate their own rules, openly spitting on the already existing ones.
But what if this also applies to other areas of life, legal proceedings, etc.?
Laws are not written for them.
But what if the Pope does introduce his method of upbringing and education?
What a rotter and a very bad example to others.
DESIGN WORKS 2719 "Feathered Stars" embroidery kit.
Composition of the set: canvas Aida 14 ct dark blue, moulin, sequins, sequins, needle, diagram, instructions.
Design Works has been in production since 1987 and is still popular all over the world.
Many motifs are elaborated by such a famous designer as Ronald West.
Design Works cross stitch sets come with a quality Aida canvas, a 100% cotton moulin and a #24 tapestry needle.
Also in the range you will find sets for embroidery on a plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, tracks and tablecloths and much more.
China strengthens prevention and control of COVID-19 epidemic in cities with land border checkpoints
The Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular ordering to strengthen the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land border checkpoints are located in order to further prevent the infection from being imported from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must provide a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test result obtained within 48 hours before departure.
Those arriving at cities with land ports of entry are required to take at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be in effect from the day when the relevant provincial-level administrative units determine and publish the zones of the specified cities until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities with land border checkpoints that meet certain conditions may consider the possibility of creating buffer zones for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisiya Sokolova, as usual, Russian women are drawn to the eastern ethnic group by Indian films, which were only shown in cinemas in Russia.
In the West, no one watched this nonsense with the natives.
And how many such towns and villages have been forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, code: 5110704.
Composition of the RelaxFoam 2 cm mattress layers: aloe latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
The cover is a Splendid knit.
Knitted fabric, made of cotton, has a special design.
The base is braided with special synthetic threads, which provide special strength and softness of the material.
The honeycomb structure of the weave supports natural thermoregulation and moisture removal during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/m2.
Dimax OK Basis mattress, size 130x185.
The OK Basis orthopedic spring mattress is one of the most affordable models in the range.
Practical filler Balance Foam gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time leaves the price at the budget level.
This product is an optimal combination of price and quality.
Balance foam is a modern material that is obtained from polyurethane foam.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
That is why the foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much stricter than in Russia.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedic nature: the material supports the correct position of a person throughout the entire sleep time.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has acquired a stiffness below the average level, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be quite soft.
The main load-bearing unit in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for the content of independent springs, there are 256 elements per square meter.
The practical unit withstands a weight of up to 100 kg per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, enhancing the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
The manufacturer provides a choice between a spring block with a height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final cost.
Be sure to indicate your preferences when ordering to the store operator.
The mattress comes in a knitted cover, together with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is not removable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Perfect for spaces such as the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting fixture comes in a color: gold.
The luminaire uses bulbs with E14 base.
The total capacity allows to illuminate approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this luminaire for rooms decorated in the "Classic" style.
The Foreign Ministry spoke about the "sad conclusion" in relations between Russia and the United States
In an interview with Izvestia, Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long path of cooperation has led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not begin yesterday.
There is a one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of any prospects for improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion to the long road we have traveled with the current administration, with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday," the diplomat pointed out.
According to Ryabkov, the problems are related to the US's desire to impose approaches on Russia on a number of issues.
The deputy head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs added that he would not risk giving optimistic forecasts about the prospects for improving relations and would not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that with the exception of such areas as strategic stability and cybersecurity, no progress has been observed.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach in matters of international security and hopes that the signals will be heard and the Americans will listen to the arguments of common sense.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken that Moscow is ready to resume dialogue with the United States.
Virologist warns of COVID nasal vaccine dangers outside hospitals
Those who have been vaccinated with a nasal vaccine against COVID-19 may develop allergies and need medical help, so the first points for inoculation with this drug should not be organized at airports and shopping centers.
This was reported to TASS by virologist, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the laboratory of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virology at Novosibirsk State University, Sergei Netesov.
It is easier to set up nasal vaccination points at airports and shopping centres, but I would only do this in medical institutions at first.
The fact is that the probability of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine exists, it is small, but it is desirable that the person then sits next to the doctor's office.
Doctors have special sets of anti-allergic drugs that act literally in a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary," said Netesov.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping centers when experience is gained in the use of the drug.
He also stressed that when using a nasal vaccine, it is important that it gets on the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
At the same time, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach the destination if the inoculated person with nasal congestion blows his nose after injection.
Painting by numbers on canvas, anime "blade, dissecting demons" 5426.40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring by numbers is interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many people like to draw, but sometimes they lack abilities or skills.
This simple, but very exciting activity allows you to relax, realize your creative potential and create masterpieces with your own hands.
The assortment includes a lot of unusual paintings and "unbeaten" subjects!
We develop topical stories independently and try to make the result please you!
It's very simple!
When coloring, the contours applied to the canvas do not "float," they do not dissolve with water.
Each segment is numbered so as not to get lost in the colors.
The finished painting will become a bright element of the setting, a highlight of the interior, attracting attention at first glance.
But this picture was not painted by some artist.
You drew it yourself.
With our own hands!
Serbia has produced 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian vaccine "Sputnik V," the country's Minister of Innovation and Technological Development Nenad Popovich told TASS.
"The Torlak State Institute has so far produced about 2 million doses of the Sputnik V vaccine, and we expect that at least 4 million doses will be produced in the coming period," Popovich stated.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among Serbs.
In this regard, the republic plans to purchase an additional million doses of the vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production of the nasal vaccine "Sputnik V" and the drug "Sputnik Light" on the territory of the state.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin reported that the Russian Federation has delivered to Serbia almost two million doses of the domestic vaccine against coronavirus infection "Sputnik V."
Lama, they say, true believers make up the church.
Whether these true believers exist or not, we cannot know.
Every one of us would like to be such a true believer, and everyone tries to be.
But no one should say of himself or of those who believe as he does that they alone are true believers.
Because if they can say of themselves that they are true believers, then so can others.
Mattress Benartti Prime Orto S1000.145x190.
Prime Orto S1000 mattress with different sides of stiffness, total height of the mattress 22 cm.
The maximum permissible load on one berth is up to 150 kg.
The basis of the mattress is the independent spring unit "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows the springs to properly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring unit, an insulating layer of felt has been added, separating the fillers of the mattress and the springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 3 cm high, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress, a 3 cm layer of coconut coir and 1 cm of natural latex have been added.
Natural latex has an anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The cover of the mattress is made of cotton jacquard, quilted on environmentally friendly Hollcon material.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The perimeter of the mattress is additionally reinforced with a frame made of artificial latex, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., please remind me, what was the style of the marathon at the 2021 World Championships?
Do you see the ski course that the competitors have to finish on in classic style?
Attention, question - what is Klebo doing to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get on the ski track if he was behind on the turn before the gate?
And the "best finisher" at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It was a long time ago...
I was, but in fact I wasn't even the driver.
I had my license, but I didn't know how to drive.
They offered to drive 250 km one way at MAZ!
Young, bad, agreed.
The owner is nearby, sipping vodka, I'm on my way.
First, like a king, he took the centerline!
A line formed behind me.
I missed it.
Then the belt broke at the police station.
Then the traffic police stopped us.
The convoy was well organized, and their car broke down.
It needs to be towed.
The owner of MAZ explained that he was drunk and the driver was inexperienced.
And to him - how drunk are you?
You don't stumble, you don't fall.
Ahead of us with flashing lights and go!
In my opinion, it is not clear from the advertisement whether he is grieving.
Singers about the same thing: about the return of the retirement age.
All budgets have long been drawn up taking into account the billions lost by pre-retirees.
Who tells them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1239 cases of the omicron strain of coronavirus were recorded per day - RT in Russian
During the day, 1239 cases of infection with the new omicron strain of coronavirus were detected in the UK.
Sky News reports about this.
In particular, 1,196 new cases of the omicron strain were recorded in England, 38 people fell ill with a new type of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of COVID-19 cases from the new strain in the UK has reached 3,137 people.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine in a pessimistic forecast calculated that 75 thousand people could die in England by April due to the outbreak of coronavirus caused by the "omicron" strain.
Peskov warned about the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Press Secretary of the President of the Russian Federation, Dmitry Peskov, commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in the event of the continuation of "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including because of the alleged "invasion" of the country.
"It is impossible to impose some restrictions on Russia and not suffer," the official representative of the Kremlin said on the air of the TV channel "Russia 1."
Peskov claims that "everyone in the world understands this."
Earlier it was reported that the United States was considering the possibility of introducing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as an extreme measure.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to introduce restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars in relation to Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, the head of Sberbank, German Gref, is confident that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - correspondingly adequate comments!
Something about these simple-to-the-point-of-nauseous recipes is already nauseating.
Apparently, the ideas have run out.
Even in the distant days of childhood, my mother baked delicious pies and cakes, and it did not occur to me to compare a piece of bread spread with jam to a cake.
Ksenia, you don't have to convey anything to my mind, my mind has to figure it out for itself!
"The inability of the mind, separated from the Spirit, to perceive" - what are you talking about?!
Imagine that you need to explain this on your fingers to an unintelligent child, how will you do it?!
(Note that a child under 3-5 years of age still has open channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you do!)
New Caledonians reject independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, the overwhelming majority of participants refused to secede from France.
This was reported on December 12 by the French television channel BFM.TV.
96.5% of voters were against independence.
3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific supported independence from France.
The results of 2.99% of ballots were annulled.
The level of participation in the voting on this day was very low: about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polling stations.
According to experts, the low turnout is explained by the calls of the separatists to refuse to participate in the referendum because of the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, New Caledonians voted against independence from France in a referendum.
In 2018, a referendum on independence was already held in the region.
The majority of residents supported the archipelago being part of France.
New Caledonia is almost 20 thousand kilometers from mainland France.
In 1853, France claimed New Caledonia as its own.
About 270 thousand people live on the archipelago, the territory is endowed with a special administrative and territorial status.
Paris and the New Caledonian government have a 1998 agreement, according to which the region can organize a vote on its independence twice, two years apart.
Boris, if you don't know history, don't write about it.
The name of the city of Arsk comes from the Bulgarian-Tatar word "artysh" (juniper).
The Udmurts (Aryans in Tatar) live in the northern regions of Baltasinsky and Kukmorsky districts.
The Udmurts are wonderful, hard-working people, they have preserved their language, they live in friendship with the Tatars, they know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that the Motherland just won't give up.
The fools shouting "cheerful slogans" will quit.
I tell you this with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't spit in the well, you may have to drink the water!
WHO tentatively considers "omicron" less dangerous than "delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) tentatively believes that "omicron" is less dangerous than the delta strain of coronavirus.
At the same time, there is evidence of a decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines in the event of a new variant of COVID-19.
According to information as of December 9, "omicron" is registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and the significantly altered antigenic profile of the protein of the "omicron" strain suggest a decrease in the effectiveness of the vaccine against infection and transmission of the variant.
According to preliminary findings from South Africa, it is assumed that it ("severity of the disease" - ed.) may be less severe than with "delta,"" the WHO technical report says.
The organization notes that so far all reported cases of infection with "omicron" in the EU are mild or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain, according to preliminary data, spreads faster than the "delta."
Two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been registered in Russia.
They were "previously immunized," the Gamaleya Center reported.
The head of Rospotrebnadzor, Anna Popova, stated that so far there is no reliable data that the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the others.
In fact, the lack of sun for us southern people is very critical.
During the 10 days we spent in St. Petersburg, sometime in November, we saw the sun for the first time, when our departing plane took off above the clouds.
It was then that I realized what I had been missing in beautiful St. Petersburg.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To find out what I didn't know before - to drink space with my eyes, mouth and skin!
Who sees only water in the ocean,
The one on the ground does not notice the mountains.
Your World of Adventures +7.905.989.9172 What's App
Siberian Expeditions - we can spoil even the worst mood for you!
Svetlana S., no, there's no such thing - they don't give in.
If your beloved, with whom you are going to live all your life, does not give in to your requests, then he is a parasite who does not want to give in return as much as he takes.
And the problem with women is that they themselves gradually take everything upon themselves.
And who is to blame here, if she herself grabbed the gouge?
Ukraine has named four scenarios for Zelensky
Ex-deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko listed four options for the development of events for President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may be left without the support of the West, and may also compromise on Donbass.
Denisenko spoke about this on Sunday, December 12, in a publication on the Glavred portal.
The first option, which Denisenko called a "perfect storm," suggests that key Western countries will stop supporting Ukraine, having reached an agreement on the country's future without its participation.
Such a development of events will contribute to a deep crisis that Kiev may face in 2023.
"At the same time, there is a decrease in prices for key goods that we traditionally export <...> internal protests and confrontation between the authorities and key FIGs (financial and industrial groups. - Ed.)," the ex-parliamentarian added.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario for the development of the situation - "a war against everyone."
This forecast will come true in the event of high turbulence in world politics, in which the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Due to this state of affairs, the leadership of Ukraine may make compromises on Donbass, as a result of which a confrontation within the country is possible.
At the end of the summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, the probability of such a situation, according to the former people's deputy, is up to 50-55%.
The third scenario for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is a confrontation between groups of the population that disagree with Zelensky and the president, which is likely to lead to the seizure of control over the power bloc and the implementation of "populist initiatives."
In the course of this version of the crisis, Zelensky will begin "reformatting the government," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is the transformation of Zelensky into the "father of the nation."
An event that will be a strong shock to society may lead to this.
"The event should be large enough to cause a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
This scenario is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a man-made catastrophe or Russia's aggressive actions, the ex-deputy believes.
At the same time, the Russian side has more than once rejected any possibility of an "attack" on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that are increasing military activity near the Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, the survey data of the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to record lows, amounting to 19.3%.
This is the lowest figure since his election as head of state.
Analysts predicted a situation in which, in the case of the next presidential elections in Ukraine, only 21.8% would vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% would vote for the former president of the country, Petro Poroshenko.
At the same time, only 19.3% of all respondents expressed support for the president.
KAISER Sena shower system (74182)
The KAISER Sena shower system (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in operation, this is also confirmed by numerous customer reviews on third-party Internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also receive a guarantee from our side on the quality and performance of the product.
We carry out delivery by transport companies throughout Russia and to any region.
In the event that you identify any defects, we will without any problems refund the price you have paid in full.
When you call the operator, you will be able to get a personal discount on this product.
When purchasing, please leave feedback on the use.
To the author, thank you for the story about the great athlete, I did not know that Elena Shushunova had died, it is very upsetting to learn this.
I remember rooting for her at the Olympics in Seoul, for us, residents of Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, real time.
There was such a heat of passion, emotions were off the scale, I remember the joy when Elena won.
They also rejoiced at the other victories, as they cheered for Salnikov, for the football players, for all the then Soviet athletes.
I once saw a documentary on TV about one of the Central American countries, and there they rolled watermelons down a ladder onto the side of a ship like barrels.
The watermelons were monstrous in size.
I myself many times in my youth worked on harvesting and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and did not meet watermelons weighing more than a pood.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from the melon grower and not before the beginning of August.
Balcony bra with soft lace cups (size: 90E, color: beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, code: 12008).
Bra-balconette with soft lace cups, on frames.
The lower part of the cup is reinforced with a non-elastic transparent fabric.
The lateral inner part of the cup, in the area where the straps are sewn, is reinforced with a non-elastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of the lace can be appreciated thanks to the festoon on the neckline and under the bust.
Vertical pits on the side panels made of a single layer of microfiber prevent the fabric from twisting in large sizes.
I didn't like the article very much, it was angry and venomous.
You've gone through people you know nothing about.
But now many people like to break people down into atoms.
I hope that those who comment with honor and decency have everything their way and are experts in everything.
In Moscow in the evening you think 100 times whether to go to the store alone, migrants are everywhere, there are crowds of them.
They consider themselves the owners.
Are you serious about child benefits and pensions?
Benefits are pennies and are paid for a maximum of 3 years, pensions are 12,000, someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetics have long been paid for and are very expensive.
People seem to be from another planet.
Is it bad in France, but great here?
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact texture, comfortable elasticity and stiffness, wear resistance and durability properties.
The product of the brand "Butison" from the "Sense" series is designed for a healthy sleep for people suffering from diseases of the joints and vascular system.
The design ensures even load distribution across the surface and a pronounced comfort effect.
The basis of the Beautison Sens Hard S600 mini Synt mattress is the independent S600 mini spring unit with reduced spring height.
Beautyson uses spunbond, coconut coir and polyurethane foam as internal fillers.
Spunbond serves as an intermediate insulating layer between soft materials and springs.
The orthopedic foam with charcoal impregnation is decorated on the surface with a curly edge, which provides a micromassage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high moisture exchange and breathability characteristics.
The outer case for the mattress is made of dense jacquard with synthetic fibers.
The material is strong and durable, does not wear out and does not require complex care.
Poet arrested for protest on Red Square: "They give 10 days for quoting Yevtushenko, that's the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was arrested for ten days.
A student of the Higher School of Economics was detained on Red Square with a poster on which the hashtag #poetvrosiibolshechampionpoet was written.
This quote belongs to the writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up against Alexander under an administrative article on repeated violation of the procedure for holding a public action.
He was first detained on 23 January on Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
"The goal was to draw attention to poetry in general, now interest in it, unfortunately, has been lost, to the decline of general culture in Russia, and there is also little hope of inspiring unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag," explains Alexander.
We contacted the young poet to find out the circumstances of the arrest and to reveal the message of his message in more detail.
How did the police officers treat you during the arrest this time and previously?
What did the department ask, how did they comment on your action?
This time, the officers were more correct, the detention was maximum, polite, no matter how ridiculous it may sound in a certain context of this word.
At Pushkinskaya, the riot police took and took hard.
They asked the standard questions about motives.
When they heard, in principle, they looked, if not approvingly, then understandably.
With the exception of the monkey being blown to all 4 sides, everything was extremely correct, but I knew what I was getting into.
And if, after the action, at least a few people start writing their poems under this hashtag, I will have served these 10 days for a reason.
Maxim, according to the protocol, in private, at least speak the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
And at public and official events, they speak the language of those around them, so that everyone understands what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through an interpreter.
This is protocol and nothing more, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks perfect Russian and nevertheless uses the help of an interpreter.
And at official events, the transcript is kept in the old-fashioned way with a fountain pen, and the stenographer is not required to know several languages.
If you don't want a lot of words, just say no!
That's a lot of water.
Well, to go as a tourist for six months "to the Andes, then to Nepal."
Before that, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And to sell these shares little by little, opening an account in any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but in a currency less dependent on the United States, such as Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
However, this is not all that keeps Americans in the United States.
What keeps them going is the belief that the United States is better than anywhere else.
That's how they're raised.
Hansgrohe Quattro mechanism with three outputs (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: concealed mounting mechanism; purpose: for faucet, for bath, for shower; built-in systems: yes; mounting type: built-in (into the wall); body material: brass; concealed mounting mechanism: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's part number: 15930180; barcode: 4011097345239.
Additional information: pressure regulator required; delivery set: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; simultaneous activation of 2 consumers (showers) possible; suitable for all Quattro exterior sets; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers told how potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and trace elements that help improve blood circulation and lower cholesterol.
The root vegetable contains B vitamins, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
All these elements help the body's systems to function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Due to the high content of clove, it is useful for the gastrointestinal tract, and with regular use can also help in the prevention of hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, it is better to stew or boil the root vegetable, rather than fry it in oil.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes could be dangerous for diabetics, as well as other foods with a high glycemic index.
These are foods containing carbohydrates that are quickly broken down into sugars, such as table sugar, sugary soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the Kommersant newspaper warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a reduction in its production in private farms and an increase in processing capacity.
According to market participants, the shortage of products at the moment can only be replaced by imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from Yandex distribution
Candidates for departure
In 2015, copyright holders from the RAEC/Media cluster compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate sites on the Runet, and most of them ceased to exist, says Karen Kazaryan, general director of the Internet Research Institute.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive thanks to, among other things, regular domain name changes, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series "The Squid Game" and "Tenderness" directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of Russia's largest video service ivi (included in the AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in the search results, you can watch the animation novelty "Encanto," but judging by the quality of the video, it is a so-called screencast (a pirated copy of the film shot in a cinema).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the series "Univer. 10 years later" of the TNT TV channel (part of Gazprom-Media) is available.
Svetlana M., I'm sorry, of course, but I wouldn't care if my son was offended for his mother or not.
If we have some kind of misunderstanding, it is better not to meet at all, the estimate is on its way.
The good thing, of course, is that this rarely happens.
Bra with soft cups without frames and front closure coffee 135I GI1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced on the inside with criss-crossed elastic bands made of cotton and Lycra.
The bra is made of microfiber combined with a mesh fabric for breathability.
Cups with dubbing made of cotton-containing fabric for a comfortable fit.
Unique Magiclift design (criss-cross under-bust and cleavage support inserts) to lift, separate and support breasts.
The wide, comfortable straps are lined with microfleece and are adjustable at the back.
Lyudmila, China now has advanced space technology.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
"This idea developed by the Poles" - it would be more correct to say that Poland only adapted the idea of 1776, but developed it quite effectively.
In fact, the slogan "Outskirts are not Russia" appeared in 1848.
Which, on the whole, does not really change the essence.
I watched her interview, the girl said that her biggest dream is to grow wings, her father is constantly pulling her away.
Well, all of this is very doubtful.
Well, you've entered university, but what's next?
Wall lamp Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
A wide circle, framed by "molecules" of light, provides the most uniform and bright illumination of the space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose its relevance and allows you to favorably place accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such luminaires is the weightlessness of the construction.
Due to the thin, almost invisible cables, which are adjustable in height, there is a feeling that the chandelier is floating in the air.
Metallic gold fittings and matte-white miniature lampshades will easily complement any palette, and the pendant chandelier and sconces presented in the collection will become a ready-made ensemble for lighting the living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, the taste and color, as they say.
I really liked "Tarkhun," not the current one, of course.
The juices poured from tall glass cylinders were very tasty.
Three portions of syrup is too much for my taste.
Two were just right.
Mattress Dimax Micro Ultimate, size 160x190
Micro Ultimate orthopedic spring mattress.
The model is convenient in that it has two surfaces of different softness - high hardness and slightly more than average.
The composition of the product includes only high-quality and premium fillers, which have proven themselves exclusively from the best side.
Springs: in the center of the model there is a block of independent springs "micropackage."
This means that there are 2000 coils per berth, which work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that provides a unique fine-tuning.
"Micropackage" is the highest-frequency of the entire variety of Dimax spring blocks, therefore it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillings: Combinations of coir and natural latex layers are installed on the top and bottom of the springs.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface has latex, the other has coconut coir.
Such a tandem of fillers has long had the status of a classic, since it conveys to the mattress not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties.
If the coir provides the right support for the back, then the latex gives the surface adaptation to the human body.
Case: The model comes in a simple Aloe Vera knitted case.
At the request of the client, it can be made both removable and stationary.
The total height of the product is 27 cm, the recommended load on the bed is 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: the warranty period is 3 years.
The mattress has received all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its complete safety and reliability in operation.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Estonian scientists will search for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in cooperation with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, the Actual Camera reported on Sunday.
The goal of the missions starting in five years is to assess the habitability of the clouds of Venus, and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists have proposed instruments for measuring the acidity and oxygen content in the clouds of Venus.
Until now it has been assumed that the clouds of Venus, the planet closest to Earth, are too acidic for life to exist there, but it is likely that Venus was originally a terrestrial planet.
During the third mission, a sample from Venus should arrive.
Suppose that if we find life there, the main question will be whether it is similar to the earth or different.
If very similar, it will be obvious that terrestrial life did not begin on Earth.
If it is different, then perhaps it will be more likely that life originated on Earth," said Mihkel Pajusalu, head of the Estonian Venus Life Finder project team.
A hat, not a phone...
Six months for him, and the whole price...
I've had enough of this Chinese nonsense...
They can't make a quality phone...
At any rate, my Samsung has already survived three of these (friends have already thrown them out) and will survive more!
Metaverse will change Russian business
The theme of metaverse became popular this fall, when Mark Zuckerberg announced the transformation of Facebook into Meta.
For the market, this event was an important signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
This means that business in Russia, as well as around the world, will invest in the creation of their own metaverse and their subsequent monetization.
Metaverse should be considered as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, the trend towards creating remote interactions in a pandemic, because people are tired of separation and restrictions.
On the other hand, it is a consequence of the desire of business to develop ecosystems and adapt operating models to them.
Thirdly, they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, when any rights, securities, works of art and even money are transferred to a digital format.
Anya, you're right, changing your diet is a conscious process.
When you start eating right, you no longer want something too fatty and harmful.
Of course, we will have the traditional Olivier and herring under a fur coat for the holiday, but no one forces me to eat it all at once.
You can eat it by the spoonful, try it - and that's enough.
After all, there are really ten days off ahead, you can prepare any delicious and healthy dishes.
And how much hellish labor, time, and money it took her in training.
And after completing 5 quarter jumps, she was left without gold.
And she also understands that she will not be able to hold out for 4 years until the next Olympics, i.e. she will never be an Olympic champion.
And anyone who wasn't just playing sports or can't imagine all the circles of hell she went through, DON'T CLIMB WITH JUDGEMENT.
The British economist could not give a forecast for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill could not give a forecast for 2022, because, in his opinion, such attempts will turn into a failure.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that the next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change the turnover.
The most important factor remains the coronavirus pandemic, and inflation is in second place, he believes.
O'Neill also admitted that he does not know whether the increase in the price of goods is temporary or not.
As the expert pointed out, even before the pandemic, it was clear that "the world of endless generosity of central banks has already exhausted itself" and it is time to return to a relationship where interest rates, taking into account inflation, will correlate with expected GDP growth rates.
O'Neill noted that against the backdrop of the pandemic, the continuation of ultra-soft economic policy could, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as increasing poverty and climate change, O'Neill concluded.
Earlier, Mikhail Shulgin, head of the global research department at Otkritie Investments, reported that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate for 2022 remain, while the growth potential will be less significant.
Among the risks for the dollar, Shulgin named the Fed's monetary policy, the dynamics of oil prices and fears against the backdrop of the coronavirus pandemic.
I have to agree.
But one thing is encouraging: if we compare ourselves with ourselves, then five years ago there were fewer containers.
It's better now.
There is progress, but it is sluggish.
There is another problem: there are a lot of environmental initiatives in cities, but people don't know about them.
All sorts of eco-taxis that pick up waste from the house.
Yes, the recycling point is banal - it is used by the marginalized.
Rarely does anyone bring glass and metal there.
And the author...
Sausages "with cat meat" in Soviet factories?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well, yes, they are not tasty enough compared to Doshirac, I understand...
But now I'd like to make Soviet sweets with white filling.
There are no more of those.
They don't release "Pilot," and "Daisy" is not the same at all...
Car mats EVA (diamond) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
EVA car mats are made of high-quality Russian-made material.
The surface of the mats consists of cells in the shape of rhombuses.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
The mats do not absorb or leak moisture.
All dirt is evenly distributed over the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material from which the mats are made is elastic, wear-resistant and odourless.
It retains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 °C.
The mats are easy to use and suitable for year-round use.
EVA car mats cover the standard carpet as much as possible, covering the area for resting the left foot.
The tunnel of the back row is covered with a mat.
The edging is made of heavy-duty automotive sling.
Mattress Dimax Praktik Basis Plus B13.180x220 cm
The spring-free Dimax Praktik Basis Plus v13 mattress consists of a single type of filling.
It is a slab of artificial latex 13 cm high.
Due to the characteristics of the material, the mattress has a symmetrical average stiffness of the sides.
The product is covered with a jacquard cover with a drawstring on a comfortable layer, removable or non-removable type to choose from.
PPU is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (AL) are characteristics similar to the natural analogue, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is resilient and elastic, but, unlike the natural material, it has greater rigidity.
It forms the anatomical surface of the mattress with high-quality support, which ensures a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
A quality mattress that is not afraid of temperature changes.
Anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for arranging a sleeping place in the country or in a country house.
Its advantages also include universal medium stiffness and a maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2 trillion 784 billion rubles on the purchase of new cars, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to statistics from the agency Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI).
To understand the scale, approximately the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
Last September, at a meeting of the heads of the countries of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, President Vladimir Putin said that this amount is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
The Korean brand Kia is the market leader in Russia in terms of revenue.
For 10 months of this year, it managed to sell cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than a year earlier.
The growth of Kia's sister brand Hyundai is even more significant - more than 35%, and the proceeds from the sale of cars are estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
This brand is also in the leading positions in terms of the increase in the weighted average price of the car - for the year at Hyundai, it increased by almost 21%, to 1.94 million rubles - only Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz had stronger dynamics of price increase.
At the same time, the sales volumes of Korean brands did not grow so significantly: according to the statistics of the Automobile Manufacturers Committee of the Association of European Businesses in Russia, in quantitative terms, Kia sold 9.4% more cars in the same period than a year earlier.
Hyundai - by almost 12%.
Japanese Toyota closes the top three in terms of sales in monetary terms - Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months, which is 14% more than a year earlier.
The Japanese are followed by Mercedes-Benz with an indicator of 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand increased both the volume of sales (by 37%) and the weighted average price of the car (by almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
"At the same time, Mercedes-Benz has a good increase in sales and weighted average price - more, for example, than BMW - hence the greater increase in financial capacity, - explained Tatiana Arabadzhi, General Director of NAPI. -
In terms of sales growth, Chinese brands, which have also significantly increased their financial capacity this year, are demonstrating fantastic performance."
The Russian Lada demonstrates average market indicators in terms of revenue growth dynamics (plus 28%), Russians spent 229.4 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months.
In terms of financial capacity, companies whose unit sales of cars fell in 2021 are at the same level as last year: in particular, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ is in the red at all - for 10 months, Russians spent 12 billion rubles on SUVs and pickups of this brand against 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the background of problems with the supply of automotive components and interruptions in production, covering the entire global automotive industry, car companies continue to continuously adjust prices - the same AvtoVAZ increased the cost of Lada models seven times in a year, the last price increase (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Other automakers regularly rewrite the price tags on their products.
The volume of the automotive market in Russia in monetary terms will continue to increase - in addition to the shortage of cars, inflation, as well as the desire of automakers to recoup past losses, contribute to this, experts say.
In the conditions of a shortage of cars, I think that many automakers were even able to partially pass on to the consumer the costs of previous periods, which they could not include in the price of cars earlier,
says Vladimir Bespalov, an analyst for the automotive industry at VTB Capital.
I believe that in financial terms, automakers are doing very well right now, maintaining high sales margins."
An indirect indicator of this is the growth rate of the cost of cars, which is observed during 2021, the prices of new cars are growing faster than inflation, the expert clarifies.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantitative terms and in monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the complexity of the design of the machines themselves, predicts Bespalov.
With supply increasing, the scope for price increases will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow next year, even if the growth in the cost of cars slows down, automakers will be able to get their income at the expense of volumes, notes independent consultant on the automotive industry Sergei Burgazliev.
Given the increased demand and insufficient supply, automakers are now trying to get the highest profit from each sold car, Burgazliev notes.
An increase in the production of cars is not expected for at least the next six months, while in Russia the excitement is also fueled by the uncertainty of citizens in the future.
Against the background of the current situation on the market, cars turned out to be a good object for investment - a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold for more than the original cost, the expert states.
Biden spoke about the deployment of the US military to Ukraine in the event of a Russian invasion
The US leadership has never considered sending American troops to Ukraine in the event of an "invasion" by Russia.
This statement was made by US President Joe Biden.
"There were never such plans," the head of the White House said, answering a journalist's question about whether the United States had abandoned such an idea.
Biden noted that if the situation around Ukraine escalates, Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he stressed that the United States and NATO have no obligation to use military force to protect Ukraine in the event of escalation.
The American leader also said that the possibility of using American troops unilaterally to defend Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades the territory of Ukraine, the United States will redeploy forces to the Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Czech Republic and Estonia).
"We're going to have to put more U.S. and NATO troops on the eastern flank, the B9 - all those NATO countries that we have a solemn obligation to defend against any Russian attack," Biden said.
Earlier, the press secretary of the Russian president, Dmitry Peskov, stressed that Moscow has no intention of invading the territory of Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees a problem in the combat use by Kiev of drones supplied by Turkey, as well as in the fact that "American weapons are approaching our territory."
I immediately leave such interviews.
If during the interview they want to make me listen to screams, wait for hours, drink an incomprehensible beer and wash a cup - it's scary to imagine what will happen at work.
I'll find a normal place for myself, without the eicharny layer, where you immediately talk to the manager.
Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi mattress 16.100x185 cm
The medium-height spring-free Prometex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 mattress is made from alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium-hard, the other is moderately hard.
The elegant white jacquard case is quilted with synthetic fabric and has a zipper around the perimeter.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Between the plates of latex, thin plates of coir coconut are laid.
The layered structure of the mattress is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to stress.
Natural latex by its characteristics is a dense, elastic, breathable material.
The padding holds its shape and recovers quickly after exertion.
Coconut coir enhances the strength of the product, it naturally has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows you to create a load-resistant orthopedic bed that will serve customers for many years.
Versatility and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and ages.
The medium-hard surface is versatile with a balanced combination of orthopedicity and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately hard sleeper is more relevant for those who need to "unload" their back and have a healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for both a single person and a married couple.
The latter will especially appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of the "wave" effect, when vibrations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite side, disturbing a person in a dream.
Desktop easel "Studio" 20*24*54 (65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Desk easel "Studio" with height-adjustable top holder.
Suitable for small canvases.
The material is natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists.
Smooth adjustment of the tilt angle.
Equipped with a shelf-upper for canvases and tablets.
The top holder securely fixes the canvas.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, the maximum size of the canvas is 40 cm.
If a fraudster calls from such a number, such as an "employee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs" or another law enforcement agency, it is not effective to immediately disconnect the call, and it will most likely not be possible to blacklist the caller.
Because in order to confirm his lie about his involvement with the security agencies, he quickly repeats the challenge and continues to scare and cajole.
We need more useful recommendations for the people.
This is such nonsense...
I don't believe that was the case at all.
They no longer know what to come up with, who to blame.
They got to the Queen.
And most importantly, in their opinion, everyone is to blame, except the very, very rich...
And it would not be simpler to leave people alone from forced labor, of course, if our people care about their people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear...
As in Japan... before the elections, the influence was weakened and the infections became less...
Set of wool for felting "Assortment No 2" 100% merino, wool 4x10 g.
Wool felting as a craft originated eight thousand years ago, only for this occupation it was very difficult to find animal wool, and even more so colored.
But now, voila!
We present a semi-fine natural wool for felting from a Russian manufacturer, for which it is not necessary to run through the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of wool for felting allow you to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, applications for creativity, jewelry, interior decorations and even clothing and accessories.
Imagine a pair of "dumped" fluffy sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace that will look great with a new dress, or unique slippers that no one will have...
Bring your ideas to life by "rolling up" this wonderful wool!
Maria Kartashova, what does "in response to this" mean?
I don't voice my thoughts, I curse you all mentally.
I mentally cut off the heads of everyone who did not give me a seat, I mentally send them to the ditch and burn all the cars that interfere with my passage, mentally everything!
And I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas II during the years of his reign did not sign a single death sentence.
Even to such lawless people as Koba and his brigade.
And Bloody Sunday is an invention of the Bolsheviks.
Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190 mattress.
Mattress, hard on both sides.
The natural material, latex-coated coconut coir, does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary stiffness and elasticity to the mattress.
The independent spring unit TFK (512 springs per berth) will provide unique comfort and proper support for the spine during sleep.
Cover made of 200g quilted cotton jacquard.
Hallcone provides protection and comfort.
Maximum load per berth: 130 kg.
My horse.
Pony house with accessories, on display 6 pcs.
The adorable pony-horse lives in a cosy pink fold-up house.
If you open her house, then inside one of its halves you can install a kitchen, and on the second half - a table, placing treats for guests on it.
The pony has big beautiful eyes, its mane and tail can be brushed with a brush.
The kit includes: a 9 cm pony, a hairbrush, a house (2 halves), a built-in table (2 parts), a kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), a cake with a heart (2 parts), a bottle of juice, 2 glasses, a kettle, a cup and a saucer.
MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27 mattress, weight 27.9 kg.
Alternating layers of latex and firm coconut coir give the effect of improved body support.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress can easily withstand a load of up to 170 kg per bed.
At the same time, there is no wave effect: spouses lying next to each other do not roll into each other, regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials from which the model is made have undergone a thorough quality control.
They are ventilated, do not dry out, and do not absorb odors.
Due to the full air circulation, a unique microclimate is created that promotes healthy rest.
High-strength thermal glue was used to fasten the parts together.
Alexander Sokurov's pupil's film won the European Oscar for best editing
The Oscar-nominated Russian film "Clenched Fist" won the award of the European Film Academy (it is also called the "European Oscar") in the nomination "Best Editing," reports "Moskovsky Komsomolets."
The competition jury, which voted online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, appreciated the outstanding skill of the filmmakers.
This time, the film by Jasmila Zbanic (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Hades?" received the maximum number of awards.
The main character of the film is a translator at the UN mission, who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Unclenching Fists," directed by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film tells about the complex relationship between a domineering father and those who want to free themselves from paternal guardianship of growing children in North Ossetia.
Earlier it was announced that this film was nominated for an Oscar as the best film shot in a foreign language.
As the regular friendly meetings of the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, and Turkey show, in my opinion, you are, to put it mildly, off topic.
Only yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of the Azerbaijani-Russian joint venture KamAZ.
From my point of view, the program on literature was formed by ladies of Balzac age on the basis of their interests.
From Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those ladies of Balzac age.
And the psychology and torment of the heroines Tolstoy and Turgenev for teenagers are not so interesting.
Teenagers in general are rarely interested in the psychology of heroes.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were plush to represent a certain variety of them?
There are roses of such color and with such a petal structure, resembling velvet, usually dark red, burgundy tones.
And the light roses look different, the petals have just a satin or silky shine.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are sort of like daltonics.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas DO NOT look in the eye - in some safari parks, visitors are given glasses with painted eyes looking away.
Bees still focus on the smell...
Mattress Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195.
Model "Micropacket Prestige": comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different stiffness of sides: the medium-hard surface is formed by latex coconut fiber and natural latex, moderately soft - a slab of natural latex.
The spring block with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the body of the sleeper, preventing the appearance of a "wave" or "gamak" effect.
Among the advantages of the model it is necessary to highlight breathable materials.
Latex, perforated for breathability, is perfectly ventilated naturally, as well as coconut coir.
Thanks to this, the healthy microclimate of the sleeping place is preserved.
The mattress is also subject to an extended warranty period.
The official warranty period from the manufacturer is 5 years, in fact the life of the mattress is longer.
Protection against dust and contaminants is assigned to the removable jacquard cover supplied in the kit.
Purchase an orthopedic pillow in pairs to the mattress - it is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of the sides - the coconut serves as anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Turn on the brain and chase such relatives away!
It is better to have none than such...
Either look for a third-party driver or someone who is willing to invest and work with you in the share.
If it does not work, then sell the car, albeit at a loss, do not regret.
Next time you will think better...
Andrei, it was clearly explained to you that pensioners work in schools, they will not work in the command line.
The computer science teacher will not be able to help either, he was not taught this, the schoolboy plays games in the window.
So there is no support.
I remember with horror these feasts and guests in my parents' house.
Guests are on the doorstep, and on the stove more cutlets are fried, mom scratching the floor.
Lord, let him sit down at the table already without strength.
And then I'll change the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday you drag food, two days shake, a day of cleaning after.
And the guests what?
They are good, and the cake is sure to be with them.
Since then, I do not like holidays, guests.
Even for my family, I set the table at a minimum.
And I prepare delicacies for them, bake very often just like that.
Germany: A fourth coronavirus vaccine is imminent
A fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or autumn of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be final, but will continue with renewed vigour.
Despite an active vaccination campaign in Germany, neither two nor three doses of the coronavirus vaccine will probably be sufficient for full protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners, Ulrich Weigeldt, is convinced of this.
This is reported by Die Welt on Saturday, December 11.
"We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the autumn," the expert believes.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth vaccination against the coronavirus can be carried out "in combination with the influenza vaccination."
This will help to achieve the best results.
In addition, increased vaccination could help combat the spread of the new Omicron coronavirus strain.
Moreover, the new variant is particularly dangerous.
Thus, the likelihood of reinfection with Omicron is three times higher than that of Delta or Beta strains.
This is confirmed by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Based on this, the manufacturers of BioNTech / Pfizer plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
The companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new variant of the coronavirus Omicron.
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that at two doses of the vaccine, the effectiveness is significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
"This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the omicron strain," stressed BioNTech and Pfizer.
Therefore, a third dose is necessary.
Experts insist on accelerating the rate of vaccination in the country.
For example, the chairman of the German Society for Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, advocates shortening the interval between the second and third vaccinations.
Moreover, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of the coronavirus.
"Israel's experience shows this very convincingly," the expert stressed.
Wobbler Pontoon21, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibes in that it was originally designed with ice fishing in mind, not just for casting.
These vibes have a higher specific weight than their similarly sized counterparts, which undoubtedly has a positive effect on the nuances of the use of these interesting lures.
Another recognizable feature is the top fin made of strong and elastic plastic, which creates additional shades of vibration in vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a "winter vibe" when fishing in the swell Bet-A-Vib demonstrates a rather aggressive game.
Often the most catchy is simple monotonous animation, that is, up-and-down movements of the pinnacle almost without pauses.
When planning, the deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient when fishing in a limited space, choked with underwater vegetation, snags and other obstacles, which can be hooked.
In addition, a slight deviation is relevant when catching zander and large perch in winter, and especially in the middle of winter, when a point and aggressive bait feed is required.
Having reached the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly turns around and returns to the original vertical.
Bet-A-Vib is also successfully used for winter fishing of pond trout.
To please its whims, you can choose from two modifications: with or without a noise capsule (NS - NanoSound) (SL - Silent).
It is also noted that Bet-A-Vib is able to tease the passive pike, which does not react even to live.
When fishing, Bet-A-Vib demonstrates range and accuracy.
This wobbler is clear and not capricious, it fits well with fishing line and braided cords of even large diameters.
For catching pike, zander, buckwheat or perch, besides uniformly relevant and "step," sometimes with a "chirp" on the bottom.
If you catch in hardened places, you can change the front tee to a double, which will reduce the likelihood of hitches.
Among the lures of its class Bet-A-Vib is among the most stable in operation and, as a result, one of the most catchy.
It can be used with equal success in relatively shallow and rather deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young slackers sit on the necks of old parents.
The "golden youth" are clearly lazy for the most part, knowing nothing and knowing nothing.
A well-fed life disposes to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin was referring to this large part of the population.
You're kidding, right.
I have never seen shoes in this store that I would like to buy.
What perennial sock are you writing about?
This shoe is made of leather.
It is good if one season will endure.
Zenden is on the same level as Kari.
A couple of times to go in, look and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
7,000 Russian mercenaries claimed in Libya
There are more than 7,000 mercenaries of the private military company Wagner in Libya.
This was stated on Sunday, December 12, by the Chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Republic Khaled al-Mishri.
"Currently, there are more than 7,000 mercenaries of PMC Wagner in Libya.
They also have airplanes.
They also dig trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jets at Gardabiya airbases (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," Anadolu news agency quoted him as saying.
Khaled al-Mishri also pointed out that Russian mercenaries are "trying to take over" the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean, after "bringing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Save Presence
According to the source, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "located in Libya."
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using an airbase and port in Sirte, as well as an airbase in Jufra, the agency said in a publication.
Russian authorities officially deny that PMC Wagner has the support of the Kremlin.
Where else can there be mercenaries
According to the agency, Wagner is believed to operate in nine countries in Africa - the Central African Republic, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training for local forces, personal protection for leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses for the use of minerals and natural resources, as well as for the supply of weapons, technology and military services to these countries," the article reads.
According to the media, the "Wagnerians" allegedly fought in Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the Central African Republic.
This group is not listed in the security agencies or in the register of legal entities, and its fighters are not included in the personnel lists.
This company is under US sanctions.
Earlier, the ambassadors of the 27 EU countries approved restrictions against Wagner.
It is expected that this decision will be approved by the Council of the European Union on December 13.
The situation in Libya
The Supreme State Council of Libya is de facto the second chamber of parliament with advisory functions with Islamists dominating it, writes TASS.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of the single day of voting for the election of deputies of the parliament and the head of state from December 24 to at least February 2022.
"The elections are less than two weeks away, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing," the article notes.
Against this background, the Supreme Electoral Commission of Libya has postponed indefinitely the announcement of the final list of candidates, reports Sky News Arabia.
Foreign Policy Through Russian Eyes
38% of Russians see the country's foreign policy as more successes than failures, 29% believe that failures prevail.
"Examples of successes - "in Syria they defended, restored peace there," "the decision on Nord Stream 2," "the whole world was intimidated that cool weapons," "Crimea we pressed."
The main failures are "conflict with Ukraine," "confrontation with Western countries," "isolation from the world," says a study by the Public Opinion Foundation.
The government of Dubai has completely abandoned paperwork - all public services have also become digital only
The government of Dubai has announced the complete abandonment of paperwork and the transition to digital technology.
All public services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the Emirati news agency WAM.
"Today marks the beginning of a new phase in the digitalization of all aspects of Dubai life - we have completed the transition to a fully paperless government," Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the emirate's crown prince and chairman of Dubai's executive council, said on Saturday.
Now, internal and external workflows in all Dubai government agencies will only be carried out digitally through dedicated information platforms.
The innovation affected all sectors without exception: health care, housing and communal services, police, municipal authorities, courts, etc. Many commercial entities also joined the government initiative.
The transition to e-government and document digitization began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, according to the authorities, 336 million paper sheets were saved, which is 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in monetary value.
Earlier, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that e-services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about the dates of birth and how old the child is, it's already marasmus, about the class and the group in the kindergarten too.
Well, I don't believe that there are such stretches.
And if they do, then they are obviously all over the place, including the family.
My mother lived, her two brothers and grandfather and grandmother on 3 Vladimirskaya, was 1st floor without bars.
They knocked first on the door, then on the window, then decided not to be ceremonious, broke the window and climbed in, but my grandfather had a baseball bat, which they got.
These people knew for sure that there was someone at home...
Turkey's automobile production and exports fell below 2020 levels
Turkey's automobile production and exports fell sharply in November as the lira depreciated.
As a result, the industry's 11-month performance was worse than last year's result, Bloomberg reports, citing data from the Turkish Automobile Manufacturers Association.
According to the association, 115 thousand cars were produced from factories in Turkey in November, which is 20% less than a year earlier.
About 75,900 cars were exported, which is more than 25% lower than last year's figure.
And if in the first 10 months of this year, the automotive sector of Turkey showed a positive dynamics to last year, in the 11 months of 2021, the output of cars was already 0.3% worse than last year's figure.
The reason for this fall was the sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which in November depreciated by 29% against the dollar.
This led to a drop in economic activity in all sectors.
More than 500 SMEs received a deferral of credit payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov spoke about the situation regarding the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, reports the correspondent of Kazinform.
127 "On approval of the procedure for granting deferred payments on loans of small and medium-sized businesses" was adopted, Alikhan Smailov wrote in his response to the deputy's request.
He recalled that the procedure for granting deferred payments on loans provided for banks and organizations engaged in microfinance activities to provide deferred payments on loans issued before April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including IP, in the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The deferral period ranged from 30 to 90 days at the option of the SME entity.
The borrower's application could specify a different period of deferred payments.
During the period of deferral, the claim work, notification of the need to repay overdue debts, as well as the collection of fees and other payments by the lender were suspended in relation to the borrower," the Deputy Prime Minister noted.
In 2021, second-tier banks received applications for deferral of payments on loans of 603 borrowers-subjects of SMEs, of which 553 SMEs received deferral in the amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
MFIs submitted applications for deferral of 131 SMEs, of which the deferral was granted to 95 entities in the amount of 105.8 million tenge," A. Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with weak immunity are able to easily tolerate the "ocmiron" strain
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate it more easily than those with a strong protective reaction of the body
Pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev explained why the strain of coronavirus "ocmiron" can be dangerous.
The reason should be sought in the conditions of the origin of the virus.
Scientists believe that "ocmiron" originated in the body of an HIV-infected or immunocompromised person.
That is, when mutated, he encountered no resistance from immunity.
Due to this, he is more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no response from immunity, he became very fast.
Apparently, there he has these spike proteins, spikes, maybe more than they should, their antibodies were not cut during mutations, - comments pulmonologist Sergei Puryasev.
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate "ocmiron" more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body.
It turns out that a strong response of the body to anything, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
So it happens in pneumococcal infections, when the young 30-year-old dies, and the old 60-year-olds suffer it in the form of a sneeze.
The immune response is frenzied in the young, it is completely inadequate: where you could only threaten with a finger, it beats like a cannon on sparrows, - concluded Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor also reminded that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Inflammation of the lungs can be bacterial and viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case it is often possible to eliminate only the symptoms - all hope for the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the beginning of intoxication of the body - it is temperature, weakness, malaise.
Then there are respiratory symptoms: difficulty breathing, throat, cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain can also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, in Russia, by the end of the year, the younger generation from 12 to 18 years of age may begin to be vaccinated.
Virologist, head of the genomic engineering laboratory of MIPT Pavel Volchkov noted that this category is very actively affected by cow disease.
Teenagers who go to school have the maximum number of contacts.
This is the most socially active stratum, as well as kindergarten students, - said "Moscow 24" Pavel Volchkov, virologist, head of the genomic engineering laboratory of MIPT.
A huge thanks to the author for this article.
With pleasure refreshed memories...
Teath-In.
In those distant seventies and eighties, no dance floor was without the melodies of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, they arranged dances to their music.
Immunologists have proposed a hypothesis of why obese people fall prey to cowbells
The authors examined adipose tissue left over from bariatric surgeries and found that fat cells known as adipocytes can become infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells located in the adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected, and showed a strong inflammatory response.
Scientists also examined the adipose tissue of patients who died from cot death and found coronavirus particles in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can hide in adipose tissue, using it as a reservoir, in an attempt to evade the immune system's response.
SARS-CoV-2 is probably capable of this.
Biologist spoke about the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin named the causes of dementia and talked about ways to prevent it in an interview with Sputnik radio.
According to WHO, this disease affects more than 55 million people.
The syndrome manifests itself by a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, a person struggles to navigate even in familiar surroundings.
Golosheikin noted that neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, certain infections, metabolic disorders and deficiencies of certain vitamins most often lead to dementia.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
These include hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level, factors such as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity may play a role," he said.
The development of dementia is also influenced by bad habits - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disorders and sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
"There is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence," the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the necessary level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Previously, Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics of FGAOU VO RNIMU.
N.I. Pirogova, Head of the Department of Cognitive Impairments at the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnology Anna Bogolepova spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt has returned about 30 thousand illegally exported artifacts from the country
Over the past 10 years, the Cairo government has managed to repatriate some 30,000 artifacts that were smuggled out of the country.
This was reported on Saturday, December 11, by the chief inspector of the Department of Returned Antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt Shaaban Abdel Gaouad.
Since 2011, the Egyptian state has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, 5,300 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered in the Bible Museum in Washington," he said.
Abdel Gaouad specified that all smuggled artifacts are registered in the archives.
Now the department staff is working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, specialists "track auctions around the world and sales on the Internet" through foreign and Egyptian websites, as well as social networks.
The chief inspector said that upon return, cultural treasures are restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was an ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of the exposition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, Egyptian authorities asked Interpol to help find a bust of the pharaoh Tutankhamun sold at auction in London.
Christie's auction house held a auction on July 4, where the bust, more than 3 thousand years old, was sold for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the art object was illegally removed in the 1970s from the Karnak Temple in Luxor.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted as the sun god Amun, was kept in a private collection and has not been put up for auction since 1985.
How the relic arrived in Europe is unknown.
Egypt has been actively seeking the repatriation of antiquities smuggled out of the country at various times in recent years.
According to the authorities, 95% of the smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological research by "black diggers."
"The Crimean Tatars are not counted" - and rightly so, since the Crimean Tatars (232,000) are an independent people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, only 42 thousand people - so many Tatars (Kazan) live in Crimea (see census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
Only the Turkic language group unites them.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse requires its employees to give the bank access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The fact is that in Europe and the United States, the Swiss bank does not issue corporate communication devices to its employees, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - a telecommunications operator.
According to the current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to solve business issues with colleagues or customers.
The bank uses the right to inspect mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used it to hold a meeting with a customer that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees have switched to telecommuting, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that were used to resolve work issues.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management has set a deadline by which employees can familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Officially, Credit Suisse does not comment on the new requirement.
Mattress Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200.
In the center of the mattress Vivre Dual royal is placed a high-quality and durable block of high self-contained springs TFK 18.
Flooring layers of natural coconut add stiffness, zonal latex distributes the load more efficiently, latex with the addition of Aloe ensures the hygiene of the bed, and embossed foam relaxes.
Mattress of symmetrical medium stiffness and high height (30 cm).
The product is delivered packed in a tight roll and ready for use a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable knitted fabric with a stitch on a comfortable layer.
The fabric of the cover does not crumble, does not stretch with time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but hardest for the earthly existence of the poet and his "ego."
He is already outside any literary associations, spat with Imaginism, he is on his own, but known, in demand, at times scolded by critics, even viciously, but the reading public is ready to carry him.
During the year more than 60 poems were written, many of them are real masterpieces, the cycle "Persian motifs" was completed, the poem "Anna Snegina" was written, 8 books were published, the collection "Rus Sovetskaya" was published.
And the main success - at the end of June 25, Gosizdat signed a contract with Yesenin for the publication of his works in 3 volumes.
None of the contemporary Sergey Alexandrovich poets received such an honor, he is the first!
In addition, it promised very good money - according to the contract, the fee was 1000 rubles monthly for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 300 rubles per month, the engineer - 200).
Funds were needed more than ever that year.
Yesenin married the granddaughter of Leo Tolstoy Sophia Tolstoy, it was necessary to arrange the family life, to support the sisters Katya and Sasha, as well as the mother.
It seems that life was getting better, there is something to be happy about, but for him everything is painted mostly in dark tones, as if a nightmare from the poem "Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after Yesenin's death) had materialized:
My friend, my friend,
I am very, very sick.
I don't know where this pain came from.
Whether the wind whistles
Over an empty and desolate field,
Like a grove in September,
Brainwashing alcohol.
Many acquaintances noted that Yesenin had given up a lot, looked bad, was clearly ill.
There are more and more repeated ramblings, nervous breakdowns.
And the reason is probably not only alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was made to Sergei Alexandrovich by someone, there are no reliable documents.
For example, referring to May 1923, when Yesenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, American Isadora Duncan, was improving his health in a clinic near Paris with Professor Peter Gannushkin (Yesenin will get to him again two years later, already in Moscow).
But evidence of the poet's binges, scandals on this ground, and drives to the police abound - scattered over dozens of memoirs.
Since the early 1920s, the poet's terrible romance with the green serpent has developed rapidly.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Yesenin briefly stayed with a friend, the Imaginist Ivan Startsev.
Surprisingly, Yesenin, with his very good income, never had his own home either in Moscow or in St. Petersburg, he found it in rented apartments, in hotels or with friends.
Startsev recalls:
"I came only to spend the night, and in most cases in an insane, drunken state.
One day, returning at four o'clock in the morning, Yesenin fell in the stairwell...
Falling, he scratched his face and grunted.
After recovering a little, he began to cough incessantly, spraying the whole sheet with blood..."
Yesenin himself, after a voyage through Europe and the United States (there was Prohibition in the States at the time, but Duncan took a decent supply of alcohol with her), admitted:
"I didn't see anything there except cabbies and streets...
I'm at the end and people have stopped memorizing...
Well, and drank, of course...
And I drank because the anguish was gnawing."
Tire Pirelli (Pirelli) Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
Pirelli Scorpion Winter tires based on a high-strength blend of rubber and silica ensure long-term efficient operation, uniform wear and load resistance.
The linear pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter wheel tread, forming the ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance, directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water, dirt from the contact stain of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, suppress sliding and aquaplaning.
Figurative 3D lamelling enhances grip on slippery roads, snow and ice.
Large shoulder area checkers increase the transverse grip of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire when maneuvering, increase traction, reduce braking distance.
Small grooves and incisions remove heat.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern version of the budget model in the premium range.
The base of the mattress is a block of independent double Duet springs.
A softer small spring is inserted inside the large spring.
This allows to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
On both sides of the mattress is supplemented with a filler - artificial latex.
It is analogous to natural latex, but it is denser and less expensive.
The flexibility and elasticity of this material increases the comfortable effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is perfect for a couple with a big difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the "smart" springs, there is no wave effect when the light partner rolls to the side of the heavy.
A nice, soft to the touch case made of practical jacquard Sense is stitched with a layer of synthepon.
The natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this model of mattress in a twisted version (vacuum roll-pack).
Now the son is almost 16, and he has not been tormented by the desire to fool.
All the energy is directed to the choice of what he will earn his living.
He is much more responsible than I was in his years or my husband, who had occasional problems with the law before the wedding.
A father takes care of his young daughter.
And loves, as Lermontov wrote, "strange love."
Why did the girl cry in the exam, when she had not failed it?
Why didn't he tell his daughter that it wasn't a school.
Well it will have a tail.
So what?
Will retake.
Millions of students know this.
What is it all about?
Polish Foreign Ministry says Belarus uses migrants as "weapons" against EU
Polish Foreign Ministry says Belarus uses migrants as "weapons"
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Pawel Jablonski expressed the opinion that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as a "weapon" against the European Union and intends to return to such an "operation" next year.
The Deputy Foreign Minister made the statement in an interview with the Australian Financial Review.
According to Yablonsky, the sanctions against Belarus temporarily "stopped Lukashenko," but he is "actively searching for new ways."
Also, the Polish official is sure that now illegal migrants will be used as weapons "in many places of the world."
As the website kp.ru wrote, earlier the European Union introduced a fifth set of sanctions against Belarus.
It affected 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they declared their readiness to further expand restrictive measures against the republic "if the situation in the country does not improve."
Minsk responded by imposing a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Clothes cover 60x100 cm, spunbond, color blue.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, it is necessary to properly care for it.
Competent storage will prolong its service life and maintain an attractive appearance.
A garment cover will help us with this!
Advantages.
By using a garment cover, you save a lot of space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Neat appearance.
No more dresses, blouses and skirts hanging in a row.
Neat covers allow you to sort clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people who use racks instead of a regular closet, this is the best option.
The cover reliably protects clothes from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
Prevents clothes from changing shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of clogs.
Features garment covers.
Special material will allow your clothes to "breathe."
With careful handling, the life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The cover is "sealed" with a strong zipper.
It is important to remember!
Pre-prepare things for long-term storage: clean them, spread the folds.
Choose an optimally sized cover: things should not bend from the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several voluminous things in one cover at once: they can bruise.
If you value order and tidiness, cherish your things, want to keep them and extend the service life - order a cover for clothes.
Go to the large catalog and choose the product of your desired color and size at a favorable price!
"Not according to Senka hat": when a velvet jacket makes a man a laughingstock
The social events of 2021 were dominated by velvet jackets.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashion solution was Daniel Craig.
Back in September, at the premiere of the film "No Time to Die," he appeared in a velvet crimson jacket and a traditional "Bond" butterfly.
He was followed twice by Prince William, who first wore a green velvet jacket that did not conform to the royal dress code at The Earthshot Prize, and then chose a more classic version for an event in support of the Royal Variety charity.
A couple of weeks ago, Lionel Messiah also tried the trend.
The footballer came to collect the seventh Ballon d'Or in a Dolce & Gabbana velvet jacket.
By the way, his sons were dressed in the same.
AliExpress already notes the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to the service analysts, received by Gazeta.ru, they began to be bought 1.4 times more often.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with a lining and a fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, dark blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models - from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. At the same time, men prefer to buy only jackets - sets of velvet suits they choose less often.
At the same time, men prefer to buy only jackets - sets of velvet suits they choose less often.
Budget options are available in H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment, velvet jackets are available in almost all brands this season - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most coveted model is Gucci, in which came to one of the premieres of the film "House of Gucci" brand ambassador Jared Leto.
Choosing jackets of expensive brands, you can be sure that the velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to the special technology of intertwining threads, a dense fabric with a ravenous outer texture and a smooth inner side is obtained.
More budget options are made of cotton or polyamide, but also, accordingly, serve less.
Lamoda fashion expert Ilya Vakhoshkin, warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the main thing is not its model or style, but appropriateness.
"Velvet requires evening light, so this jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a gala event," explains Vakhoshkin. "It is also suitable if the invitation includes the dress code "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie."
Another important criterion, the observance of which allows you to choose a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
"The man in the velvet jacket, first of all, should get the right advanced party with wealth, - believe the authors of the Telegram-channel about men's fashion "Beautiful Brummell." - Holders of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the caste of those people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to timed social events, where the dress code is always indicated.
Ilya Vakhoshkin suggests combining a jacket made of velvet with the same elegant things: classic trousers with arrows, monochrome shirts, silk ties, loafers with tassels, cufflinks.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from "Beautiful Brummell" are sure that the appearance in a velvet jacket of an ordinary employee at a corporate event will be inappropriate, but if we are talking about "a leader from among those who run this event, then - "yes," he is such a thing in the subject."
If the employee is lower rank, and his goal is to move higher in the complex hierarchy of the company or to knock out financial bonuses, then it is better not to wear a velvet jacket.
The management will definitely evaluate this with the phrase "not according to Senka hat," - believe the editors of the Telegram-channel about men's fashion.
Very ambiguous sensations from the voice.
It is an unnatural timbre, so tortured pulling.
And absolutely not associated with the cute face of a young girl.
To be honest, I don't understand the admiration of others.
But with all my heart I wish you good luck in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well-lobbied, that is, paid for.
A billion-dollar investment.
Are they sad?
No, the price of electricity has gone up.
Traditional energy is also out of the question - gas, oil, and coal all bought cheaper than they currently sell.
There is a wild demand for fuel.
The penny drops.
And then who is in the span?
As usual - the ordinary buyer.
Do the problems of the Indians touch the sheriff?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be considered idiots who "sleep" the energy crisis.
They have done their job.
For a good deal.
Did not see a single beautiful person on the photos in the article.
Just mediocrity within the average passengers.
Perhaps, if such characters are so confident in their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole car, then they will not sit down to such, most likely.
But only because of the mental disorder and ignorance of such "beautiful people (-its) ," but certainly not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "a slave conscious of his servitude and fighting against it, is a revolutionary.
A slave who is not conscious of his servitude and lives in a silent, unconscious and wordless servitude is simply a slave.
A slave whose spittle flows when he smugly describes the charms of a slave life and delights in a good and good master is a holler, a ham."
The immunologist said that revaccination in 4-5 months will help protect against the strain of coronavirus "omicron "
Revaccination after four to five months can protect against the new strain of coronavirus infection "omicron."
This statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the vaccination in six months, taking into account the appearance of a new strain, "a very long period"
"Under the previous strains, such a period was normal, but now it is best to carry out the procedure in five months, and for people with chronic diseases - in four," the expert said, calling in parallel with the vaccination campaign, to engage in revaccination.
Kryuchkov also noted that early revaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
"If a person was given two vaccinations and a booster, or he got sick and vaccinated, or he got vaccinated and got sick, then he got "hybrid immunity," that is, antibodies are plentiful and neutralizing enough," the expert said.
G7 warns Russia of "large-scale consequences" in case of invasion of Ukraine
The G7 countries (the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Canada, the United States, France and Japan) issued a statement following the meeting of foreign ministers in Liverpool.
It stresses that Russia's "military aggression" against Ukraine "will have huge consequences and will cost Moscow dearly," but the document does not describe specific measures.
"We, the foreign ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military build-up and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine," the statement said.
The ministers further call on Russia to "relax the escalation, use diplomatic channels and comply with its international obligations regarding the transparency of military activities," as US President Biden said during a video call to Russian President Putin on December 7.
"We reaffirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve the full implementation of the Minsk agreements in order to settle the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the G-7 foreign ministers also say.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a serious price in return," they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its future.
We welcome Ukraine's restrained stance.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response," the statement added.
Earlier in the day, British Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss said that Russia would face "serious consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "the united voice of the G-7 countries, which account for 50% of the world's GDP, and which made it very clear that an invasion of Ukraine would have huge consequences for Russia."
Pfizer's vaccine was found to be 32 times less effective against the omicron strain
The effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the omicron strain of the coronavirus is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
This is the conclusion of scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, reports the South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective based on a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of COVID-19.
"We find that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the original Sars-CoV-2 variant, but this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variety," said Professor Malik Peiris.
At the same time, the scientists stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against severe disease when infected with the coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of a coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the impact of the omicron strain on it.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain could cause a new wave of virus circulation and increased mortality if additional measures are not taken.
Ukraine's Defense Minister Accuses Germany of Blocking NATO Arms Supplies to Kiev
The head of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry, Alexei Reznikov, accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Kiev's acquisition of lethal weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-sniper systems and rifles to defeat drones.
At the same time, it is noted that Berlin later softened its position on rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defense, Kiev intends to seek the acquisition of the aforementioned weapons within the framework of bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, we are talking about the United States, Great Britain, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government under the leadership of Chancellor Olaf Scholz on allowing arms deliveries to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine's ambassador to Germany, Andriy Melnyk, expressed the opinion that Kiev should not expect Berlin to deliver arms under Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous German leadership explained its refusal to provide weapons as a risk of developing a military escalation of the conflict in Donbass, despite Russia's "occupation" of part of Ukrainian territory.
The diplomat believes that Germany will maintain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky said that Kiev expected help from Berlin in equipping the navy.
Ukraine expects that Germany "will be a partner of Ukraine in the technical sense," the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year, the co-chairman of the Green Party of Germany, Robert Habeck, visited the republic, where he advocated the sale of defensive weapons to Kiev.
Sergey NOSOV 2, no, poor eyesight has nothing to do with it.
"And" instead of "E" dial?
Skip a lot of commas?
That's what you write.
No, you are an illiterate person.
And for a philologist, this is a shame.
Game set "Fishing": e/f light, sound, in the complete playing field, 2 rods, 5 figures, baht. 3AA not wh., cor.
Electrified children's fishing is a fun and useful toy for child development.
Playing, the kid will train fine motor skills of the hands, develop agility, marksmanship and attention.
It is worth turning on the toy, as 5 miniature fish will begin to move furiously along the simulated pond to a cheerful melody.
The child's task is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play alone or together: the set includes 2 rods.
The toy is powered by 3 1.5 V AA batteries (not included).
The size of the playing field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
The winners of the Arseniev Prize were named in Moscow - Rossiyskaya Gazeta
The solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian literary award "Far East" them.
V. K. Arsenieva was held in Moscow.
According to the award's Instagram page, the organizing committee received 89 entries this season.
63 were selected.
The leaders in the number of submitted works were Primorsky and Khabarovsk Krai - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three categories: "Long Prose," "Short Prose," "Prose for Children."
Nine works were shortlisted - three in each category.
The winner in the category "Long Prose" was Alexander Filkin (Primorsky Krai) with the book "Inscription on the Gospel."
The award was presented to the winner by Deputy Prime Minister - Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of the Russian Federation in the DFO Yury Trutnev.
In the nomination "Short prose" Lyubov Bezbakh (Sakhalin Oblast) with the work "Whisper of the Night Rain" was recognized as the best.
She received the award from the Russian Minister for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic Alexei Chekunkov.
In the nomination "Children's Prose" the winner was the Trans-Baikal writer Nina Belomestnova and her "Golden Thread."
The author was awarded by the screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 500 thousand rubles.
Recall that within the framework of the "Far East" award, authors of the best works on the Far East theme are awarded.
The main objective of the award is not only to award winners and tell about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest to the Far East, as a territory of priority development of the XXI century.
Novels, novels, collections of novels or short stories, as well as documentary prose and memoirs can be nominated.
At the same time, the place of residence of the author does not matter, the main thing is to write in Russian.
Official website of the award: https://premiyaarsenieva.rf/.
Pan, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble color, 4278884.
Kukmara "marble" tableware is made of cast aluminum and coated with an innovative non-stick water-based marble coating reinforced with superhard mineral particles.
Features of the "Marble" series of dishes.
The significant thickness of the walls and bottom eliminates deformation of the body, guarantees durability, provides the necessary coating strength.
The high-strength non-stick water-based marble coating is reinforced with superhard mineral particles.
Environmentally friendly non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorinated carboxylic acid).
Perfect heat distribution over the entire surface of the dishes, long-term heat retention.
Possibility to use a minimum amount of fat.
Non-stick marble coating is applied by spraying method, which guarantees exceptional durability of the coating during operation.
Fine scratches and small rubbings on the surface of the cauldron do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and durability of the cookware.
The products do not burn and retain their flavor.
The ability to prepare delicious and healthy food without adding oil, as on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Ease of washing.
Suitable for all types of stoves except induction.
Can be washed in the dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner coating is "marble."
High-strength water-based non-stick coating, reinforced with particles of superhard minerals.
Reinforced ground layer.
Layer with rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
Cast aluminum body up to 6 mm thick.
The outer non-stick coating is "marble."
Kukmara dishes will turn the ordinary process of cooking into a pleasant and easy activity for any hostess.
Years... many years ago I did the same remodeling.
He combined the hall with the kitchen.
The apartment is three bedrooms.
There was.
Of course, the project, the permit, the new technical passport, all according to the law.
In the hallway they made a bookcase and a large dressing room.
The door to the kitchen was put in, and a pile of space was created.
In almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we never regretted what we had done.
From mistakes - instead of a bath, a cool shower cabin was installed.
A hundred times I regretted it!
I only recently realized that I love rum.
But I have not yet discovered the wonderful world of rum, except for "Bacardi" and "Captain Morgan."
What else do you recommend, and where could you start this wonderful acquaintance?
I was sick too.
I will not vaccinate.
I came to the Black Sea for "rehabilitation."
Only with the weather was not lucky...
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in bright houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask the ornithologists.
Plus paint and other chemical compounds will deter birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thank you, I will definitely try.
And what about Japan?
Thanks for the recipe.
And what varieties of apples should be put according to this recipe?
It really tastes good.
I add some more onion and green apple.
Try it.
Recently, the zombie said that automobile production is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, which country what percentage of these semiconductors (apparently microcontroller chips) produces.
Russia was not on this list.
That's it!
In the United States, with its expensive labor force, it is profitable, but in Russia, it is not profitable!
And my mother-in-law harassed me.
I feel sorry for her, she is not with us.
If I had seen good from her, everything could have been different.
But apart from hatred, gossip, scandals, there is nothing much to remember.
I feel sorry for her, life lived in malice.
Mercedes filed a protest against the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
The German team Mercedes, whose driver Lewis Hamilton at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix finished second behind Red Bull driver Max Verstappen, filed a protest against the final result of the race, the press service of Formula One reports.
Mercedes believes that the rules of Formula One 48.12 and 48.8 were violated during the race.
In the first case, the German team challenges the decision of the judges to return to the round-robin racers in the same round with the leaders.
According to the second - Verstappen ahead of Hamilton to the "restart" zone.
Add that now the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen ahead of Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the world championship "Formula 1" are preliminary, when will be considered the protests of "Mercedes" not known
G7 warns Russia of responsibility for invasion of Ukraine
The G7 foreign ministers warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues its military aggression against Ukraine, the final statement of the parties said.
The participants of the meeting also noted that they condemn the strengthening of Russian armed forces near the country's borders.
"Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," reads the statement published on the website of the British government.
The G7 ministers and the EU High Representative noted that "they are united in their condemnation of the Russian armed reinforcement and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine."
British Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss warned at a press conference in Liverpool of "great consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We made it clear that any invasion would have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to renounce aggression against Ukraine," she said (quoted in TASS).
Earlier, at the summit in Liverpool, the G7 foreign ministers agreed that in order to resolve the crisis over the build-up of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine, the parties need to return to the negotiating table.
It was about negotiations in the "Norman format."
The North Atlantic Alliance also supported dialogue on Ukraine in the "Norman format."
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "have signed off on their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Homsu Diamond Waist Bag.
The Diamond Waist Bag is perfect for sports, travel or just walking.
It is comfortable to carry, it is roomy, made of durable and lightweight fabric material.
The main compartment is opened with a zipper, which can be done easily even on the go.
The stylish and bright design is perfect for those ladies who really have a delicate taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, so that it fits a variety of things, from a passport to a mobile phone.
The material makes it easy to wash the waist bag using various household products.
For convenience, you can use a special strap size adjuster.
Disclosed ways to recover stolen money through online stores
There are several ways to recover money stolen through online stores and not become a victim of fraud in the future.
They were disclosed by information security experts in conversation with RBC.
Thus, in order to reduce the risk of large losses when bank card data falls into the hands of attackers, it is recommended to store fixed assets on a card or bank account that are not used in online shopping.
A portion of the savings can be set aside in a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend to start a separate card for online purchases.
If the money was stolen while shopping in stores that do not use 3D Secure security technology, you can start a refund procedure.
"Within the rules established by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions conducted without the use of 3D Secure, the responsibility is placed on the participant in the settlement chain who does not use this service," the representative of Promsvyazbank specified.
Expert from the international payment provider Ecommpay Artur Zaremba stressed that the buyer has the right to submit an application to the bank to challenge the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the criminal used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authorization, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases online stores themselves return funds to the customer, if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, member of the Public Chamber, director of the League of Safe Internet Ekaterina Mizulina reported that in 2021 alone, 11 thousand appeals were received for various cases of fraud: from the sale of forged documents to identity theft.
According to her, an effective solution under the current circumstances could be the creation of a single window for complaints against online fraudsters.
Scholz arrives in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU legislation
Newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the migrant crisis on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the build-up of Russian troops near Ukraine's borders, and the situation with Russia's Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline.
Although Scholz expressed his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for years to come, the leaders of the two countries expressed unambiguous expectations of each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said that he would urge Scholz to oppose Nord Stream 2, which is supposed to deliver Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Morawiecki, Russia could use the pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin said that it would help Warsaw and Brussels in resolving this crisis.
Poland's judicial system, however, remains a source of contention.
The European Court of Justice has fined Poland, finding that judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violate EU law.
Poland has refused to pay the fine, and its highest court has ruled that national law takes precedence over EU rules.
Germany's new government, sworn in on Wednesday despite demands from Poland and the United States, has made no public commitment to halt Nord Stream 2 in the event of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
American officials have told members of Congress that they have reached an understanding with Germany to stop the pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior U.S. congressional official said on Tuesday.
German officials have not confirmed the reports, but Scholz on Wednesday warned of the consequences if Russia violates Ukraine's border, a position confirmed by G-7 officials on Sunday.
Dmitry, look more closely.
The view outside the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
The wall between the kitchen and the room has been removed, so the second window is partially visible.
And in general doubt those who are not familiar with the initial layout.
And I know such apartments very well and I can see how it was redesigned.
May all be well with them.
It is always surprising when they write about the means to wash the sink, toilet, window sills, taps.
You have them once a year at Easter, what, wash that you have to directly launder.
Just don't let it get polluted.
Mindigits wants to endow writers with residences
The state will transfer to the future Fund for Support of Russian Writers the federal property inherited from the Union of Writers of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR.
Writer's residences will be created on its basis, the Ministry of Figures, which will become the founder of the foundation, told Parlamentskaya Gazeta.
The Ministry of Figures is preparing a draft presidential decree on the establishment of a fund to support Russian writers.
The explanatory note clarifies that the fund will be instructed to take care of, among other things, the purposeful use and preservation of buildings and structures that once belonged to the Soviet Union of Writers and Litfond.
"A significant number of real estate objects formerly owned by the Literary Fund of the USSR have been transferred to the property of the Russian Federation, including objects located in the writers' town of Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo in the Leningrad region, and others," the press service of the Ministry of Statistics reported to Parlamentskaya Gazeta.
The draft decree prescribes that the statute of the Foundation should reflect that it "is established for the purpose of promoting literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers."
"The "creation of conditions for creative activity" means the creation of writer's residences on the basis of transferred property in different regions of Russia, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creativity," the Ministry of Figures explained to our publication.
520 rubles for one cut tomato?
Cheese tortilla is literally a layer of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a menzurka for 570...
No, it certainly looks delicious, but the price is simply inadequate.
Apparently, the wealthy gathered at Belorusskaya.
Doctors warned of the dangers of long-term use of blood-thinning drugs after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned about the dangers of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after contracting the COVID-19 coronavirus infection and before vaccination against the coronavirus.
Therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that self-prevention of possible blood clots after COVID-19 can trigger a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-thinning drugs are not intended for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in hospital, he was diagnosed with complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning drugs, prevent excessive blood clots) according to the indications.
She said that now there is obscurantism - all of them drink anticoagulants for a long time and get complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (bleeding in the brain).
Chief prophylacticologist of the Ural Federal District, scientific director of the Society of Specialists of Preventive Medicine, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev told URA.RU that randomly anticoagulants are now often used by Russians before vaccination against coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe dubious advice on the Internet and begin to self-medicate.
There are those citizens who, a week before vaccination, by their own decision, start taking anticoagulants.
And during a preliminary examination before vaccination, doctors notice bruises.
He stressed that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without finding out the cause of any symptom.
Potatoes named superfood to protect against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and affordable vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and trace elements that contribute to the functioning of the internal organs.
It helps with heart diseases by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol, Semana portal reports.
Today, heart disease is the main cause of early death in humans.
To improve the situation, it is necessary not only to treat, but also to eat properly.
One of the helpers in such a situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to scientists, this root vegetable has a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and also has a very important vitamin C for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic acid and pantothenic acid.
Micronutrients help to work effectively all internal systems of the body.
Among other things, the root vegetable fights against natural age-related disorders in the body, contains a lot of fiber useful for the gastrointestinal tract.
If consumed regularly, it can become a prevention of atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A lady came to see the apartment.
I came from another city to show it.
The ad included detailed photos and a description of the apartment.
She was extremely unhappy because there was no "chic" kitchen and "chic" balcony.
Auntie, see, there is nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, and people spend their time.
About 145,000 teenagers vaccinated with the first component of COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information about vaccination of teenagers, pregnant and lactating women against the coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, Kazinform reports, citing the COVID-19 non-proliferation IMC.
Twenty people died of coronavirus and pneumonia in a day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely serious condition - Ministry of Health of Kazakhstan Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" for coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, the Pfizer vaccine has been vaccinated: the first component - 181,037 people, the second component - 14,580 people.
Of these, the first dose: adolescents - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, breastfeeding women - 25,779.
The second dose: adolescents - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, breastfeeding women - 2,749.
The plumber who found the money in the wall of the church will be paid $20,000
A plumber who found money in the wall of a church in the US state of Texas will be paid a reward.
This is reported in a press release of the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident occurred at a large evangelical church in Lakewood, where Pastor Joel Osteen preaches, promising that wealth and prosperity awaits devout Christians.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cowley was repairing one of the church's toilets and found thousands of bags of money and checks under the insulation.
He gave the find to the church and, according to him, did not even receive a thank you from Austin.
"I wanted to hear him say, 'You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could have done," KPRC-TV quoted him as saying.
The discovery appears to be related to a theft that occurred at a Lakewood church seven years ago.
Then about $200,000 in cash and $400,000 in checks, which were stored in a church safe, went missing.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer losses.
However, a reward of $25,000 was announced for information about the criminals.
Justin Cowley could not claim this amount because the reward had already expired.
Despite this, the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston, which at one time gave five thousand dollars for the reward and later received another $20,000 as a gift from Lakewood Church, decided to reward the integrity of the plumber.
He will receive twenty thousand dollars.
Earlier, it was reported that police had questioned Pastor Joel Osteen about money found in the wall of a Lakewood church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is her characteristic "as a real person."
That's why the attitude towards her is so negative.
And it's not that "she is financially much richer than all the piss," as they write here.
There are people who are richer, but not everyone behaves so brazenly, so defiantly, as this madam.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190x190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
Based on the TFK unit (256 springs per square meter).
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load.
Coconut coir (a material made of coconut palm fibers) is used as a filler.
Layers of felt are placed between the filler and the spring block.
Both sides of the mattress are above average stiffness.
Removable cover Jacquard Sense: cotton 5%, polyester 95%.
Fabric density - 116 g/m2.
Again simple and delicious.
I searched your page for recipes from chicken.
We were given chicken.
It was grown in our farm by our friends.
It weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to make it taste better.
I want to find a recipe for chicken baked in pieces in beer.
Have you tried this?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes "from the Internet."
A new case of human infection with avian influenza virus has been reported in China
A new case of human infection with the avian influenza virus of the highly pathogenic H5N6 variety has been reported in China.
This was reported by the radio station RTHK with reference to the notification of the Hong Kong health authorities, TASS reports.
The infection was contracted by a 68-year-old resident of the city district of Huizhou in the southern province of Guangdong, who kept poultry on the farm.
His condition is described by doctors as critical.
The world's first human infection with the H5N6 strain was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
In Brazil, citizens were required to present vaccination passports when entering the country
In Brazil, they were obliged to demand a passport from those entering the territory of the state, a decision was made by the judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF), Luiz Roberto Barroso.
CNN Brasil reports.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempt from presenting a certificate of vaccination.
Also included in the list of exceptions are persons who come from countries where the absence of the vaccine has been proven.
"The situation is even more serious, given that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year, pre-Carnival and Carnival parties, as well as other events, which implies an increase in tourist traffic," Barroso said.
Earlier, the Brazilian authorities obliged unvaccinated tourists from coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
Full COVID-19 protection scheme revealed
Virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honored Worker of Science of Russia Anatoly Altstein in conversation with Ura.ru revealed the scheme of complete protection against coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by injection and use of nasal vaccine.
Internasal use produces large amounts of immunoglobulin A. This does not happen when the vaccine is injected.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside after vaccination, we have the most immunoglobulins G (antibodies).
And if you inject both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But so far there is no decision on double vaccination," the doctor said.
The chief prophylactician of the Ural Federal District, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, in turn, stated that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination together with injectable vaccination is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this will help that in such a case the protection of the body, presumably, should become the maximum.
Earlier, Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod region David Melik-Guseinov said that the spread of a new coronavirus infection among children will lead to a new surge of the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to him, this is the picture in other countries, where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked to the kobel (died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, feeding, caressing, love and games for a flowing bitch, then go ahead.
I talked to the kobel (died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, feeding, caressing, love and games for a flowing bitch, then go ahead.
I chose my society and went home.
The video is a way that works 90% of the time.
Not from the ceiling taken, believe me.
I slowed down many owners not to run after the dog, although they owed that out, 200 thousand run away (pomsky), straight took the hand and led away in the other direction.
In the end, "200,000" chose the owner, not the dog that ran somewhere there.
Massive anti-vaccination protests continue in Europe
In the Austrian capital of Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed their dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and the plans of the authorities to make vaccination against kowtowing mandatory.
From February next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
Spaniards, outraged by the authorities' health policy, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some held signs reading "This is a false pandemic," "I will not be vaccinated."
A major protest against sanitary passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, a covet certificate is mandatory for access to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment venues.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was made by the authorities of several regions of the country against the backdrop of an increase in the number of coronavirus infections.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then escalated into clashes with the guards.
A group of demonstrators threw stones at the police.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nikolai S., even on Wikipedia there is no consensus on this.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also designated as "the first Russian doctor, doctor of medicine," probably because she started studying earlier.
Let's just not argue, I believe that they both deserve this title.
Here's just one thing I agree with Zakharova: the Americans carried only death and plunder to any country, wherever they appeared.
Mattress Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut coir on the spring block TFK.
The mattress is rigid, on both sides framed by layers of natural coconut.
At the base of the mattress is a block of independent springs TFK.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load, help the body to take a natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
Natural jacquard cover - dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to the touch.
It is bad and sad to grow old alone, but it is inevitable, unfortunately.
It is very sad when you read about it.
A person should live as long as he can serve himself and not be a burden to anyone.
All health.
WHO has detected "omicron" already in six dozen states
The World Health Organization (WHO) said that a new strain of the coronavirus "omicron" has already been identified in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already saying that the spread of the new strain could have catastrophic consequences.
The rate of spread of the strain was reported by the WHO.
According to the organization, as of December 9, the strain has already been identified in 63 countries, in all six WHO regions.
This is despite the fact that it has been actively distributed only since the end of November.
WHO is also concerned about the high rate of spread of the new variant of the coronavirus.
WHO experts express concern that the new strain, according to preliminary data, may bypass the "delta" strain, aka the Indian version of the coronavirus, which now leads in all countries without exception.
Prior to this, the Director-General of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said that the omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were reached in the UK.
Experts at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that "omicron" will displace "delta" in the coming months.
This is despite the fact that officially "omicron" at the moment in the Kingdom suffers several hundred people, and according to estimates up to 10,000.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the "omicron" strain, and at its peak, more than 2,000 people will be taken to hospitals every day.
What the British health system will not be able to cope with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that according to recent studies, the effectiveness of the vaccine from Pfizer-BioNTech against the "omicron" strain is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
It is not yet known how the Russian Sputnik V reacts to the Omicron - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has just begun testing a Russian vaccine on the Omicron strain.
Why should we see the stages of aging?
It would be better to see in more detail the performance of your exercises.
It is not clear in the first exercise how to do: sitting on your heels or kneeling, as it is written, but then how to rest your hands on your hips?
Or hands on your waist?
Curious Squirrel, you are right, communication on the Internet is quite different, they communicate easily and casually, and when meeting in person there is nothing to say.
And to see a person live, perhaps it is not what you expected, did not catch - hence the attitude.
When you meet your person, then the views will change.
Again, the Soviet era is called "the time of demons."
Back then, people believed in God much more honestly than they do today.
And they were brought up practically according to God's laws (love for your neighbor, do not steal, etc.).
).
There are few chattels like the Globe of Faith (and there is none at all), but even if so, the time of demons came in the 90s...
Our St. Petersburg, or rather Leningrad communal house with Bolshaya Zelenina maintains communication until now.
Of course, we are not the closest of friends, but we try to keep the warmth of the relations of the older generation.
Maybe this is due to the fact that there were no visitors in the apartment, the rooms were not rented, and no one canceled the blockade brotherhood.
Unfortunately, they see each other more often at funerals.
Lara Angelskaya, may you quit!
Human cubs, especially males, are strong, mobile, energetic, frantic, pushing, struggling, fighting, just like their little "brothers" in the wild!
It's just a pity that they are not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches are common, and no boomerang!
And for what?
Bratika pushed, not counting his strength?
And you are always so clever that you never accidentally hurt anyone and never injured yourself?
Mattress SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm.
Mattress with spring block Bonnel Wave Space BS has moderate stiffness on both sides.
Comfortable mattress layers - combination of coconut slab and artificial latex with embossed surface - ErgoFoam.
The cover of the product is cotton, made of jacquard weave fabric.
It is strong, resistant to wear, at the same time it transmits air well, without interfering with the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is simple on the synthepone, this gives it a softness.
A practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coconut coir has antimicrobial properties, it is tough, evenly distributes the weight on it.
Artificial latex with a honeycomb cutting surface provides the mattress with a micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
The Bonnel unit, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it can withstand heavy loads, it is well suited to pairs with a small difference in weight.
Around the perimeter of the product is reinforced with a PUR box - it extends the life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennett announced the start of vaccination in schools
The Israeli Ministry of Health starts an emergency program to increase vaccination from Sunday.
Since the morning of December 12, vaccination against the coronavirus is carried out in schools throughout Israel.
Prime Minister of the Jewish state Naftali Bennett said at today's cabinet meeting that the issue of vaccination with the fourth dose of citizens at risk will also be studied.
In Israel, mass vaccination of the population against COVID-19 coronavirus infection began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are vaccinated with Pfizer.
Since January 10 of last year, vaccinated people began to receive a second dose.
Vaccination of 12-15 year olds in this country started in early June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of vaccination, the third - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gower, well, I guess the tick won't crawl on the trap, he's a PAUKOBRAZY, as LALA put it.
In any case, I do not see a tick.
But I'm curious, and suddenly there is?
Something else must be thrown at him, for temptation
Baby mattress Dimax Genius 70x190
Children's double-sided mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut coir based on the independent spring block EVS500.
Children's springless mattress made of latex and coconut on the independent spring block.
Natural latex - soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep as comfortable as possible.
On the reverse side, the mattress is medium stiff, comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
At the base of the mattress is a block of independent springs.
The springs distribute the load as precisely and evenly as possible over the surface of the mattress, keeping the body in its natural position.
A great option for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
The material is durable, wear-resistant, not subject to abrasion.
In Brazil, seven people died as a result of rainstorms
At least seven people were killed and 175 injured when heavy rains hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas Gerais.
This is reported in TASS with reference to the rescue services.
On the border of these states, an extratropical cyclone has been raging since the middle of the week, bringing the level of rainfall in the region to 450 mm. In 25 municipalities of the state of Bahia, a state of emergency has been declared, in some of them the most destructive floods in 35 years.
In 25 municipalities of the state of Bahia declared a state of emergency, in some of them floods became the most destructive in 35 years.
According to rescuers, about 5,700 people were left homeless, another 6,700 were forced to leave their homes.
Damage from the disaster affected more than 85,000 residents of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol ointment, I work with medicines.
It relieves inflammation well.
Personally, I like Bepanten better for the regeneration of superficial wounds and abrasions, but you can see more effectively on the spot.
The main thing is that the healing process is underway, there was such a hole, just creepy.
Hola, España, you didn't hear me or understand me.
I will answer with the lines of M. Isakovsky: "Migrant birds fly.
They fly to hot countries, I don't want to fly away, I stay with you, my native side!
I don't need a foreign sun,\nAlien land is not needed."
And believe me, the photos from the park where I skied, or my city will be no worse.
By the way, it would be more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
MAPED wax crayons (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 colors, twisting, in a plastic case.
A set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a twisting rod.
Do not crumble, do not stain the handles, absolutely safe.
Do not require sharpening.
The body is made of high-quality durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: pack on zipper.
$135 billion went into apps - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending in apps grew globally by 25% and downloads by 8%.
The most popular in the world turned out to be various video services.
Most users downloaded the CapCut video editor, and spent the most on YouTube.
Both the number of app downloads and user spending in them showed a significant increase between January and November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. User spending in applications increased even more significantly: by 25%, to a record $135 billion.
Such data was published by the analytics company App Annie, which presented a report on the market of mobile applications in 2021.
In 2021, the global economy emerged from lockdown and began a post-pandemic recovery.
"Will such a "return to the physical" slow down the growth of the app economy? Not at all," the authors of the report say.
India was the leader in the number of app downloads, accounting for about 20% of all downloads.
It is followed by the United States (9%) and Brazil (8%).
Users of gadgets on iOS, as before, spent more than users with Android: iOS accounted for 65% of all spending in applications.
Among the applications, the first place in the number of downloads for 2021 was taken by the video editor CapCut.
It is followed by two Indian apps: the MX TakaTak video service and the Meesho online shopping app.
Telegram is also in the top 10 in terms of downloads.
In general, judging by the number of downloads, VPN services are popular among users (there are two in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to video creation and streaming (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak, there are two other such services in the top 10 - Moj and SnackVideo).
"Users spent the most in applications for live streaming and online streaming," the authors of the report note.
YouTube is the leader here, the top 5 in terms of user spending also includes the video service TikTok, streaming video services Disney+ and HBO Max, as well as the Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma.
The first places in terms of the number of monthly active users are Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok, closing the top 5 mobile version of Microsoft Office.
In Russia, the leader in the number of downloads for the year was the shopping application AliExpress.
It is followed by the service Zenly, which shows the location of friends, and the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 apps are: online karaoke StarMaker, online clothing retailer Shein, app Maps for Minecraft PE, online taxi ordering service DiDi, client for YouTube Pure Tuber, app retailer Dixie and online store Samokat.
Around the world, people have adapted to the pandemic through the transition to life in mobile, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The biggest successes were those industries that helped people to be closer both virtually and personally," commented the results of the report head of marketing research App Annie Lexi Sidow.
Revenue in the mobile gaming sector in 2021 reached $90 billion. The leaders in the number of downloads were casual and hypercasual games, in which there is little or no story, and video design is minimal.
The top 3 most popular games in the world were Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia, DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY are the leading games.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends of the next year, the company's analysts named the growth of the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growing popularity of Generation Z financial applications, such as Robinhood investor apps, as well as the further increase in the popularity of metaversive mobile games.
Clan De File treat for dogs with beef, 30 pcs. 40 g.
A natural cured treat for dogs of all breeds and ages from beef.
Clan De File - meat fillet for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
A natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Only one type of protein is used in the preparation - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, which means that the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the treat is meat fillet, processed according to the quality standards that are used in the preparation of food for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily ration: no more than 10% of the daily ration of an adult animal.
Energy value: 407 kcal.
Ingredients: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians warned about a new scheme of fraudsters
Attackers began to look for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
Izvestia writes about this with reference to experts.
According to the director of products of the company Ivideon Zaur Abutalimova, the main danger, which is associated with the distribution of video communication tools, are dipfakes.
In this case, the fraudsters create a fake video based on real recordings involving the victim.
Thanks to this, the neural network is able to accurately reproduce the characteristics of a person's behavior.
Aboutalimov added that using the dipfake, the attackers can call the victim's acquaintances via video link or create a video with the participation of a copy of the person for mailing for the purpose of blackmail.
"Such fakes can easily provoke bullying, because a savvy attacker can put people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scenarios," the expert said.
Leading system engineer of Varonis Alexander Vetkol in turn noted that psychologically people trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this can create specific risks when it comes to technologies using video.
David, I'll add.
In what I wrote above, I emphasized that I was buying all this in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow for much coloring and walking in short skirts, showing stockings and tights on legs.
This is a province, but the store WAS such a product.
In big cities and Muslim women painted, and frolics showed.
So in Dushanbe, it is a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are a lot of fashionistas, but the same cosmetics are not.
Five actions to help avoid diabetes are listed
Blood sugar problems are among the most common in the world.
However, some do not attach much importance to this, and for nothing.
Diabetes can eventually lead to severe complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a major role in preventing the formation of diseases.
Thus, doctors recommend changing the drinking regime - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to ordinary water have a positive effect on metabolism.
Sweet foods increase blood sugar to a dangerous level when consumed in excess.
Therefore, the first step towards a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and store them at home.
The appearance of the disease is influenced not only by poor diet, but also by habits.
To reduce the risks of diabetes, it is necessary to move a lot.
Experts advise to follow a low-carbohydrate diet.
Such a diet will not only help to reduce weight, but also protect against sharp fluctuations in sugar levels.
To protect against the disease of diabetes, it is necessary to eat a lot of fiber.
Dietary fiber fills the stomach and thus contributes to the feeling of satiety, the release of digestive juices and increased absorption of food.
Tomato seeds GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, article No. 4241014.
Low-growing early beef tomato with abundant fruiting for growing in open field and under temporary film shelters.
The plant is determinant, with short internodes.
The fruits are large, rich pink, quite dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by leaves, well stored.
The flesh is juicy, with a sugary taste.
The hybrid is resistant to a complex of diseases.
It is recommended for making salads, snacks and slices.
Seedlings: in late March - early April.
Peaking - in the phase of the first real leaf.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After planting in the open ground, the plants are formed and tied.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has class A energy efficiency, which allows you to consume noticeably less electricity when working.
The freezer is perfect for both a private house and an apartment due to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and excellent noise insulation.
The camera works no louder than a normal refrigerator.
The quick-freeze function freezes products in the shortest possible time, preserving the maximum amount of useful substances.
The Slavda FC-160 freezer corresponds to the climate class N/ST, which allows it to work seamlessly at room temperatures up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova spoke about "weekend migraines" in workaholics
Several factors can lead to poor health over the weekend
The reason for the deterioration of well-being after working days is often a "weekend migraine," said the well-known endocrinologist, candidate of medical sciences, senior researcher of the Faculty of Fundamental Medicine of Moscow State University, scientific director of the clinic of Systemic Medicine Zuhra Pavlova in her telegram channel.
According to her, workaholics, who have a headache, brokenness and weakness at the weekend, are particularly affected by this.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to the fatigue accumulated during the week, there are quite a lot of objective reasons for the body's negative reaction to changing conditions.
Over the weekend, our lives change dramatically.
"We sleep for a long time, we lie on the sofa all day, we probably eat more and drink less," the doctor argued. - Due to the lack of coffee, a small break begins.
Due to overeating and lack of water - heaviness and brokenness."
An additional role is played by the late rise.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, there will be a reaction, which is called jet lag.
It occurs in travelers who cross several time zones.
To determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of well-being, Pavlova recommended tracking what changes the most over the weekend.
Mattress Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185.
The reinforced perimeter of high-density foam significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
Mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of stiffness, the total height of the mattress is 23 cm.
Maximum permissible load per berth up to 140 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring unit "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows you to properly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt has been added, separating the fillers of the mattress and the springs.
On one side of the mattress is a layer of coconut coir 2 cm thick, giving additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
Cotton jacquard, strung on artificial latex 2 cm thick and Hollcon 1 cm material, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 1 cm thick and a layer of felt is used.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
The impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the layers.
Scientists in South Africa claim low efficacy of Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
South Africa announced low efficacy of Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
Scientists in the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported the low efficacy of Pfizer's vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus infection.
It is estimated that it (the level of neutralization of "omicron") corresponds to the (level of) efficacy of the vaccine of 22.5% against infection with symptoms, because of which... the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection is questioned, - says the text of the study published on the portal MedRxiv.
At the same time, experts specified that the drug can save from the severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of the coronavirus could cause a new wave of the pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in familiar foods?
Sugar is not the best source of healthy nutrients.
Its excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cause cardiovascular and cancer diseases.
Consumers should note that under an unfamiliar word in the composition of the product can be indicated hidden sugar - an ingredient similar to sugar in caloric content, composition and glycemic index.
The label may contain several dozen names, essentially denoting sugar.
Some of the most common and frequently encountered names are glucose and fructose.
There may also be other dried sugars, such as dextrose (sugar derived from corn), levulose (fruit sugar), molasses (black patch), agave syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be not only in confectionery, but also in ketchup, doctor's sausage, bread, etc.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, as well as pay attention to the label and to the many different names of sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but whatever the name of the ingredient in the product - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it still remains sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar, as it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the package, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total amount of sugar may be significantly higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: gas will lose importance for Germany in 25 years
The new German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that gas imports are losing importance for Germany as the country continues its transition to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal by 2045, becoming a climate neutral country.
"In 25 years, the world will be such that the issue of gas transportation to Germany and Europe will play a different role," the chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany remains committed to ensuring that Ukraine transports Russian natural gas in the future, as at the moment this resource is important for the energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States made a statement recording Berlin's support for Ukraine's energy transformation.
Earlier, German Foreign Minister Annalena Berbock said that the process of certification of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline is ongoing.
According to the minister, within the framework of the coalition negotiations and the discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that European energy law should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline so far "does not meet the requirements" of the European Union.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
Year in 1985 I had to go to those regions.
I remember very well the CHMEZ, which rises from the station Kanatchikovo uphill, past an ancient building (similar to the post of centralization, two-storey), along the Kanatchikovskiy Drive, and turned right onto Vavilov Street, to the factory gate...
Hackers Hacked Indian Prime Minister's Twitter
Hackers have hacked the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The attackers managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India allegedly recognized Bitcoin as legal tender, and that the country has already purchased cryptocurrency.
Modi's office was asked to ignore the new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter reacted quickly - access to the account was restored.
India's prime minister's page has already been hacked in 2020 and encouraged to donate to the fund using cryptocurrency.
In a referendum in New Caledonia, a majority voted against independence
In New Caledonia, the third referendum, held on 12 December, ended with the same result as the previous two.
According to the first partial results, announced on Sunday, 12 December, at noon, the majority of New Caledonians voted in a referendum against the independence of their territory.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the previous two.
According to the preliminary results published by the local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) voted in favour of the independence of New Caledonia from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted against.
The turnout was 43.90%, with more than 80,000 New Caledonians voting.
As France-Presse comments on these interim results, "the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt," as pro-independence supporters urged voters not to vote.
As the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that the new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic in the archipelago prevents a full and "fair" election campaign.
Thus, this non-participation paved the way for a third victory for the supporters of French New Caledonia, following the referendums held in November 2018 and October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, in 2020 - 53.3%.
According to the separatists, they do not recognize the results of the last vote and will challenge them at the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, at the Elysee Palace, French President Emmanuel Macron is to speak on the results of this referendum.
The topic of the independence of New Caledonia in many ways revived the last weeks of the presidential campaign in France.
Several presidential candidates have spoken in favor of the territory remaining part of France, as it is "the last region of the European Union's presence in the Pacific."
"New Caledonia must necessarily remain French," repeated Eric Zemmour.
The same statement was made by the Republican candidate Valerie Pecresse, who in late October published a column in Le Figaro calling on the Caledonians to remain French.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take a position "because it is not his responsibility."
Nevertheless, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "a strong desire that the choice of the Caledonians should be the choice of France."
Light, oh, hello!
I'm a little bit... a lot of bashing, still awkward, ashamed.
Thank you for not turning away from my channel.
On the topic: I'm not an artist, I like to draw, but it turns out to be an inspired smear.
But as an artist - not an artist at all: what would change here?
Just don't forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as prevalent as it is now.
But medicine was at zero - leeches, garlic and decoctions.
Now they would put them on their feet in a moment.
And food has absolutely nothing to do with it.
The world's first drone with laser weapons tested in Turkey
The world's first drone with laser weapons was successfully tested in Turkey.
The Eren UAV was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 meters, MIR24 reports.
The device is capable of neutralizing explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum flight altitude of the novelty reaches 3 thousand meters.
After passing the relevant tests, the UAV should enter the service of the Turkish military, which will use it to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of deminers.
The agency emphasizes that Turkey is among six countries in the world capable of developing and producing its own drones.
I cut humpbacks with steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper and scented peas.
Sometimes I added cloves, it does not interfere.
In a deep cup, on top I covered with a saucer.
Well, that's all.
And why do I need this salmon, for such money it is not known which, humpback is a great fish.
Bread, butter, humpback.
A shabby sandwich.
WSJ readers criticize article on Russia-US relations
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized an article by Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the article expressed concern that the West is allegedly sacrificing Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow and made a number of insulting remarks about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
At the end, Hartwell called on Western countries to "stand united against Russia."
WSJ readers expressed their disagreement with the American professor's position.
"There is quite a lot of false information in this article," RIA Novosti quotes one reader as saying.
"Europe is not ours to "lose," and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never enter into a nuclear war with Russia for Ukraine's sake," said another.
Patches can also be applied to the lip area.
The hydrogel used in the production of Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorbency and transmission of highly concentrated natural plant essence to the skin, adheres tightly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
When transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the accompanying loss of moisture and causes the essence to penetrate into the deep layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with PDU Nores
The lamp 2085/EL of the NORES series consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic lens.
The material of the lens is high-quality white matt acrylic, providing the lamp with uniform scattering and good light transmission.
The shape of the plafond: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots, giving the included lamp a beautiful effect of "star flickering" and transfusion.
The degree of protection IP43 allows the use of the lamp in certain areas of wet rooms.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, with a power of 72 W, which corresponds to a 520 W incandescent lamp.
As well as the remote control, which is used to smoothly change the color temperature of 3000-6000K, change the brightness, switch to the mode of switching warm/white/cold/night light.
Face mask moisturizing thermal nocturnal 50 ml.
Ultra-moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rested and radiant skin in the morning!
A real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tones, smoothes the skin relief and restores the skin barrier.
A very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
Excellent skin care product after active sun exposure!
Hypoallergenic.
A 5.2 magnitude earthquake struck the Kuril Islands
An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.2 occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was 231.8 km northeast of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
It was located at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier, seismologists recorded an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to get out of the way, there is no telling where his petty-bourgeois thinking would have gone.
It's good when you come to America a famous person.
And if you were born there, it is not known what you would fight for.
So in vain he poured mud, bile and poison on the system, which no one has yet invented.
Ukraine will start producing new generation of jet drones
The new Ukrainian-Turkish plant will begin to create jet unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) of the ANKA type.
This was announced on December 11 by Alexei Arestovich, a freelance adviser to the head of the Ukrainian president's office.
That is, they are able to act against aerial objects, against other drones.
Even against manned aircraft.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of the Turkish avionics: the hull and the like," Dialog.ua quotes him as saying.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA vehicles, Arestovich said that we are talking about jet, not piston UAVs.
According to him, this is a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceed it "in all characteristics."
The first batch of UAVs should be produced by the factory at the end of next year, concluded Arestovic.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the drone was carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
On the eve of the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems during military operations of the joint forces in Donbass.
On December 6, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced that construction of a factory for the manufacture of modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kiev region, which will conduct training of personnel, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish Bayraktar UAVs.
The press service of the Ukrainian leader's office called this memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from a container at the airport
Lions escaped at Singapore's Changi Airport.
This is reported by The Straits Times.
Two predators managed to get out of a container with seven lions, which arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were going.
One of the fugitive lions lay down on the roof of the container.
The animals could not move away from it because of the protective net installed nearby.
The standoff ended after the arrival at the airport of the staff of the Mandai Wildlife Group, which is in charge of all Singapore zoos.
They immobilized the lions with tranquilizer darts and plan to take them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier, it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, a lion escaped from its owner and walked the streets of the city.
On the same day, the beast voluntarily returned home, the people were not injured.
Experts warned about the threat of cancer due to vitamin B9
Studies suggest that an excess of vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
This was warned by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people who are not deficient in folic acid are less likely to develop certain types of cancer, in particular colorectal cancer.
However, exceeding the required dose on the contrary promotes the growth of cancer cells.
Professor of the University of Alabama in Birmingham, nutritionist Beth Kitchin advises to monitor the amount of folic acid consumed during the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only if you significantly deviate from this figure in a greater or lesser way.
Kitchin recommends not taking vitamin B9 in tablets without a doctor's recommendation, be sure to monitor the dosage and avoid flakes with milk and other food products that contain folic acid.
Previously, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows aging.
Because it is found in avocados, among other things, Fine recommended that men after age 50 eat the fruit more often.
In the UK, about 75,000 people could die from the Omicron strain by April
Projections by British scientists show that as many as 75,000 people could die in England in the next five months due to the spread of the omicron strain of the coronavirus, unless restrictive measures are tightened in the winter.
This was reported by The Guardian newspaper citing a study by experts of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), reports TASS.
According to the most optimistic forecast of specialists who are part of the scientific advisory group on emergency situations under the British Cabinet of Ministers, by April 2022 in the country will record at least 25 thousand deaths due to the omicron strain, and in total will be hospitalized about 175 thousand patients.
At the peak of the disease, hospitals will receive more than 2,000 infected people daily.
"Serious measures to combat the coronavirus may be needed to prevent the National Health Service from becoming overwhelmed if the omicron strain turns out to be more contagious than the delta variant, and the current vaccines will not be able to rule out infections," said mathematician Rosanna Barnard of LSHTM.
Earlier, the UK's Health Security Agency informed: if the rate of spread of the omicron strain continues at its current level, about 1 million cases will be detected in the country by the end of the year.
At the same time, by mid-December, the omicron strain could become dominant in the United Kingdom.
Currently, 1,898 cases of the omicron strain of the coronavirus have been detected in the UK, of which 633 were detected in the last 24 hours.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health Sajid Javid pointed out that in reality this figure may already reach 10,000 cases.
I wanted to write some clever comment, but I read it to this place:
"A coat obtained as a result of the incredible suffering of the unfortunate animal and his employment in a second job."
And it fell under the table!
It turns out that the "unfortunate animal" is the husband, and I thought that chinchilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Kray, judging by the dislikes, the thoughts you express are not very accessible to most.
What did you mean - that those in the instagrams pretend or they definitely manage everything, because there is no reason to pretend to them?
SZ is like a duffel drain, everything that did not disperse at the time ends up here.
If you set a goal and dig well, then you can find something in the rubbish.
You just need to be patient and clearly understand what you are looking for.
Demand for superyachts rose by a quarter in the world
The construction of superyachts this year and orders for next year are breaking all records in the world, despite calls to reduce the hydrocarbon footprint and combat climate change.
In the world register of ships, the number of yachts ordered amounted to 1,200 units - a quarter more than last year.
In the era of fighting the effects of climate change for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, it is hard to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for a floating fortress for 50 million pounds and above will not decrease, writes the Guardian.
However, there are more and more of them.
This year, 25% more vessels were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokers say that there has not been such a rush on the market for 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht fear contamination on land and prefer to hide from the pandemic on board their own ship.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If before all these people went to the office and met with business partners in person, now the vast majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are conducted by zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards accept orders for new yachts for 2025 and later.
This means that customers are willing to pay more, as long as their yacht is ready at least a year or two earlier.
"People just crave freedom, and the super-rich could afford it," he says.
In Western society, many criticize this behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, say sociologists, do not want to understand that in times of deprivation, traveling to space, living on yachts, or flying on their own planes causes public irritation, because the elite do not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists call governments to action and propose new taxes and regulations for the super-rich, even though they understand that with such mobility of money, it will be extremely difficult to implement.
Meanwhile, only the number of super-yachts ordered is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1,200 vessels, 27 have stern lengths above 100 metres.
Norwegian billionaire Recke is building the 183-meter-long yacht REV Ocean.
Once launched, it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a "moon pool" as well as a submarine designed to explore the depths of the sea.
On existing super-yachts, helicopter pads, open-air cinemas have become commonplace, and on some of them, such as wrestler McGregor's yacht - a platform for martial arts.Professor of economic anthropology at the American University of Indiana Richard Wilk says that compared to the total number of greenhouse gas emissions, the carbon footprint produced by the super-rich is insignificant.
But it has symbolic significance, given that there are just over 2,000 multi-billionaires in the world.
This is just another example of the overconsumption of a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emission footprint of billionaires is thousands of times larger than that of the average inhabitant of the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, then the planet's biggest polluter, Roman Abramovich, is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two-thirds of the emission trail clung to his 162.5-metre-long yacht Eclipse.
Even if the owner is not on board the yacht, the crew continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the command to drive the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners do not arouse the sympathy of other people when they, like the richest woman in Australia, Gina Reinhard, who owns mines on the continent, complain through YouTube that there is no place for their giant vessels to dock.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for ships of 50 meters.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol leading to the development of bowel cancer has been determined
American scientists have determined how much alcoholic beverages per week increases the risk of cancer.
This is written by the Daily Express.
Experts have concluded that the consumption of four or more servings of alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of cancer.
At the same time, the likelihood of developing the disease increases with the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, moderate drinkers have a higher risk of bowel cancer than women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact cause of the development of this type of oncology, noting only that certain factors lead to a harmful process for the body.
Thanks to the author for the worthy material and photos.
Sergey, I see nothing wrong with selfishness and pride.
Just like you don't see selfishness and pride in a man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to impose costs and responsibilities on her, and to enjoy his father's title at a safe distance.
Why they work in the ministry, they have a place in the circus.
I understand that everything had to be with a royal scale, but the model is very hypertrophic.
It is even difficult to imagine how poor Diana was stuffed into a carriage, and indeed any movement.
I was 12 years old, and I remember how the ceremony was shown on TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful lush dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I changed my mind about being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many, or rather all dog lovers believe that these creatures are very intelligent.
But even they do not realize how developed four-legged pets really are.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments to learn for sure how intelligence is developed in animals.
Although the vocabulary of a dog is not as extensive as that of a human, however, a new study proves that a dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The work of the scientists was published in Sciencealert.
Dogs can not play chess or compose poems, do not mean anything in politics, economics and art, meanwhile they often manage to fool their masters.
Representatives of some breeds, experts believe, show better results in understanding the words of human language, but statistical data for accurate conclusions are not yet enough.
Thus, some breeds are traditionally considered dog geniuses - for example, Labradors.
Scientists have come to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and in terms of learning ability are not inferior to a two-year-old child.
Mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
Mattress on independent spring block TFK with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of independent block TFK.
It is a reliable modern design of 512 independent springs per bed.
Each spring is in a separate pouch and has no effect on the neighboring ones.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person takes a natural form during sleep.
The springs for strength are insulated from the upper layers by thermal felt.
On top of the felt are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and wonderful properties.
One side is complemented by a thin layer of natural seven-zone latex.
This natural filler has 7 comfort zones, contributes to the perception of a person's weight, has a light massage effect.
The Antistress case is made of velour, prostrated at 250 g of hallcon per square meter.
It is pleasant to the touch and externally, has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a prime example is the deep-sea angler Taumatiht Axel.
Some of its victims are so large that they cause the death of the angler.
He simply cannot swallow them, and his teeth do not allow him to spit too much prey back into the water.
If you are indifferent to the fate of your property in the number of four objects, why did you decide that your objects are interesting to someone and he will be happy for them?
Today, the law fully enables you to manage your property.
Manage yourself if you don't like how others are doing it.
In Ukraine, the United States and Russia prepared to trade
The United States and Russia will "bargain" over Ukraine's entry into NATO, analyst Alexander Kochetkov said in an article for Glavred.
In his opinion, Washington and Moscow in the near future plan to continue negotiations over the guarantees of the United States that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of the American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries "to join anywhere."
If you are offered something obviously unacceptable, well, for example, to sell a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not bargain, but simply send the proposer.
And in relation to Ukraine, bargaining is planned," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks a dialogue with Kiev.
"Preparations are carried out covertly, quickly and immediately move to offensive actions, rather than waiting for the group to be discovered and deployed counter-forces," he said.
China boosts rail transport industry
Advanced Chinese technology attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the 2021 China International Rail Transport and Equipment Exhibition, held in Zhuzhou, Hunan Province (Central China).
The core technology developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. enables trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical faults, said company spokesman Hou Zhaowen.
High-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway line, which was put into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and efficiency of rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased its exports of rail vehicles and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed."
In May of this year, the first China-developed double-decker high-speed electric trains designed for export to Europe came off the production line of CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, the trial operation of the metro train developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey began.
The train will run on the metro line connecting the center of Istanbul with the city's airport.
This metro line will be opened next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey with a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"China's railway equipment industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness," said Feng Yaoxiang, head of the trade and investment department of the China Committee for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT).
"This industry constitutes the main competitive advantage of China's production of high-end equipment in the global market," said Feng Yaoxiang.
After more than 60 years of hard work, having conducted a number of independent research and development, China has established an advanced railway equipment production system, with a full range of accessories and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoxiang, the country ranks first in terms of railway electrification and operational mileage on high-speed and urban railways.
Biologist lists early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin in conversation with Sputnik radio listed the early signs of dementia.
According to him, the signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a number of moderate cognitive disorders, such as inability to concentrate, plan, decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
Currently, there is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence, the specialist said.
Golosheikin stressed that the causes of dementia can be neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and cerebral atherosclerosis are the most frequent causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that today doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
According to him, the study of foreign languages and active communication will help to reduce the risk of dementia.
Also, the WHO recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly training cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking
"There are recommendations for the use of various dietary supplements, but their effectiveness and feasibility are still debated in the scientific community," Golosheikin said.
"The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and thinking logic," Golosheikin said.
Earlier, the dementia research charity in the UK said that the disease is increasingly affecting people in their 40s.
Doctors called the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first warning sign can be seen as vision problems, which make it difficult for the patient to recognize objects.
Another sign of developing dementia experts called aphasia - a condition when a person can not find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
Neurologist Demands to Send Saakashvili for Treatment Abroad
Former President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili needs psycho-nervous treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze, who is a member of the consultation of doctors established under the Ombudsman of Georgia, told journalists.
His [Saakashvili's] neurological status is the leading factor in his illness.
Stable problems are problems with movement, coordination, variability of character," the specialist said, noting that this is within the regulatory framework and now the ex-president must be sent for special rehabilitation.
"We call this neuro-rehabilitation and psycho-nervous rehabilitation, the possibility of which we have not found in Georgia," Toidze said, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution, which does not exist in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began sabotaging medical care after he was disciplined by prison officials.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to abolish the punishment and restore himself to his former rights.
Alexandra, "Are you also taking money for this?" - I wonder where such people come from...
It is normal to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we eat prana?
There is another side to the coin.
These people, after all, are parasites on the body of society.
They do not work, do not pay taxes, live on benefits and at the expense of their relatives.
At the same time, they receive full medical care.
How many mouths can a worker feed?
We feed all the alkalis, drug addicts, who also lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we wonder about the extension of the retirement age.
These sums could be spent on treating really sick people.
Of course, the red flag of Victory will always remain in the history of our country and should not be mixed with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it will never be able to be a state flag again.
It is time for the author to get involved with provocative articles, it is time for the red to get comfortable and start living a normal life, not the past.
Protests against COVID passports in Spain
In the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, there were protests against the mandatory COVID-19 vaccination certificate, reports the agency Europa Press.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants was approximately 3,000.
In Barcelona, COVID passports became mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment facilities.
Many demonstrators came to the rally without masks.
With slogans on their posters, they accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respect for the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination passports will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
Protesters in that city claimed a medical dictatorship, and the vaccination was called an experiment.
In Spain, more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been detected since the beginning of the pandemic, and more than 88,000 patients have died.
Russia also plans to impose restrictions on the unvaccinated.
The government submitted bills on a unified system of QR-codes to the State Duma on November 12.
It is expected that Russians will be able to visit places of mass events, cultural institutions, public catering facilities and retail trade with the presentation of either a certificate of vaccination or a disease, or a medevac from vaccination.
The same rules will be established for travel on trains and planes.
Roast Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast with glass lid.
Roaster cast with non-stick coating Anthracite TM Tradition.
The dishes are designed for daily use at home.
The exceptional strength and durability of the non-stick coating, which is equivalent in durability to natural stone, is specially designed for intensive use every day.
Thick-walled cast body.
Five-layer non-stick coating system of the latest generation.
Premium coating reinforced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection against burning.
Has a good non-stick for easy and pleasant preparation of healthy dishes without oil and fat.
At least 4000 thousand cooking cycles, subject to the rules of operation.
Suitable for all kinds of plates except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each product is 4 years (subject to the rules of operation 4 years for the body and 1 year for non-stick coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Pans and roasters can be used in the oven without a glass cover.
Ease of washing.
Logically, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and sick rarely (once or twice a year of OSA), then his immunity is normal.
Immunomodulators any in general doctors do not recommend for prevention in principle.
Immunity is maintained by a healthy diet and regimen plus sports.
On this basis, vaccination against influenza and this cowl is pointless.
Anti-aerosol filter 3M 5925.
Degree of protection FFP2, 2 pcs.
Reference No. 713946.
Replaceable FFP2 filter for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Provides protection of the user's airways from various substances in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions when the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used to protect against bacteria/viruses together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The protection class FFP2 has a MAC greater than 0.05 mg/cubic m3, with a maximum pollutant concentration of 12 x MAC.
Respirators of this protection class are capable of retaining at least 94% of harmful substances.
The pre-filters are attached to the gas mask filters by means of a 3M 501 holder.
Features: low breathing resistance.
Does not obstruct the view.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half masks, as well as 3M full face masks.
Compatibility with other PPE required in difficult working conditions is ensured.
The staring eyes of the "constitutional monarch," judging by the network, didn't just get me.
And this family PR - children, father...
The roar seemed like nothing to me.
Only he knew that Hare to pester - Batrukha da Batrukha.
Well, I found out, I said once, and keep quiet, let your friend prove himself, for that and fought.
The steep climb: how the Chinese become skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create in the country resorts of international level
China hopes that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to winter sports, which will raise the 1 trillion yuan designated by President Xi Jinping, but also contribute to the economic development of backward remote provinces.
The Taiwu ski resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the site of the Winter Olympics, is becoming increasingly popular with the Chinese.
In addition to the construction of infrastructure in the region, landscaping is also being carried out: workers are planting trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
In many regions of China, where resorts are located, including Zhangjiakou, there are problems with snow.
The main task for the long term is to provide a comfortable and interesting holiday in Chinese resorts, so that all newcomers become regulars.
However, this is still a long way off.
Games adviser Justin Downes says the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition since his last visit in 2007.
Every year in winter, more and more Chinese go to the slopes.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
Despite the major changes, it will take many more years to create a ski culture here, according to Downs.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions have yet to actively develop and create the necessary infrastructure for recreation.
70-year-old Gao Makong lives in Chongli, near the venues of the Winter Olympics.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chongli, now none of the locals suffers without work.
More and more shops selling clothing and equipment for winter sports are opening in the country.
On the slopes open food outlets with dishes of national cuisine.
Taivu now even has a COVID-19 testing station.
China is striving to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes should become the leaders of major international competitions, and resorts and equipment - to reach the world level.
More than 500 million people in the world could face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, the WHO said
More than 500 million people in the world could be pushed into extreme poverty by the coronavirus pandemic, which has stalled human progress on universal access to health care, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB) said.
On the occasion of the International Day for Universal Health Coverage on 12 December, WHO and WB published two complementary reports.
In them, they noted that the pandemic had led to disruptions in the provision of health services and caused excessive strain on health-care systems.
In this regard, immunization coverage has declined for the first time in 10 years, and deaths from tuberculosis and malaria have increased.
The WHO and WB stressed that the pandemic has caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, making it harder for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than 500 million people "into extreme poverty, because they have to pay for these services out of pocket."
In October, UN Secretary-General António Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic had pushed more than 100 million people into poverty, with more than four billion people with little or no social support.
Rubber Makita KP0810
Official Makita dealer.
The powerful motor is ideal for folding.
Low weight and perfect balance.
Using both standard and double-sided mini-blades.
Simple system for quick installation of blades.
New ergonomic body design, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the effect of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped grooves for removing bevels of different sizes.
Sawdust removal system of choice: left or right side.
Wife, this is the meat of the mech.
The nastiness is terrible.
Bats with pangolins are already saturated, jellyfish have taken over.
Oh, how many wonderful discoveries can we prepare more moles, godmothers, lemmings of some kind.
Reuters: Taiwanese minister cut off from broadcast at "Summit for Democracy" at request of White House
Taiwan's digital minister Audrey Tan's speech at a panel discussion during the U.S.-sponsored "Summit for Democracy" was put into video-free mode, a YouTube recording of the summit shows.
Reuters, citing sources, claims that the picture was turned off at the request of the White House.
According to their report, the reason was a map on which Taiwan was highlighted in a separate color from the People's Republic of China, which considers the island its territory.
The map, which was shown by Ms. Tan, was compiled by the South African non-governmental organization CIVICUS and ranked the countries of the world according to the degree of civil rights.
Taiwan was highlighted on it in green as "free," and China, North Korea, Laos, and Vietnam in red as "closed."
After the minister showed the map, the picture on her side was replaced with a screenshot with a note that the opinions of the panelists "do not necessarily express the position of the U.S. government."
The PRC was not invited to the "Summit for Democracy."
Reuters sources note that the map shown by the Taiwanese minister may have run counter to Washington's "one China" policy.
One of the agency's sources said that after the map was shown, the US National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The Washington-sponsored "Summit for Democracy" was held from December 9 to 10, with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" of the summit, Nobel Peace Prize laureate and editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta Dmitry Muratov called for the creation of an international fund through which money obtained through corruption would be given to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Security Council Yury Averyanov said that the summit carried an "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge."
You are served info as if they are preparing a meal, and there is stale meat everywhere, in fact, the meat stays with the butcher until the last bit.
The classic of journalism is to create news out of nothing.
They boil not meat, but horns and hooves, getting a substance like glue.
The finished product looks like a yellow translucent strip almost odorless and hard as plastic, used as a natural gelatin.
In general, harmful substances from the processing of garbage are no less than from its decomposition.
But this saves companies huge amounts of money.
That's why a fairy tale about ecology was invented for the lochs, who will also work on collecting garbage for free for the idea.
Personally, my contribution to ecology is the refusal to purchase unnecessary and long-term use of things.
If I go beyond - I do not throw away, but give to charity.
Soccer shorts Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016, white/black (XL).
Description: Football game shorts are great for playing football and playing sports.
The shorts have a straight comfortable cut.
The wide belt combined with the adjusting drawstring ensure a comfortable fit.
The fabric is characterized by high strength, durability, lightness and good breathability, meeting the requirements of the game at any level.
The updated brand logo is on the left side.
The shorts are packed in a convenient reusable package with a flap closure.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide waistband with drawstring, strong durable fabric, good breathability.
Characteristics.
Crawl into specialties that allow you to work over the Internet.
We have many people who work for their uncle, but abroad.
But because of the difference in currencies, it is profitable for us.
Relative to other countries, we are still poor.
Of course, we will have to learn different garbage, but... work on the network allows you not to depend on the domestic labor market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And those that create - and you can't make much money on them.
Dining set "Selfish-unity" with gilding (4 items).
The "Royal Childhood" collection is one of the widest and most famous collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and pacifiers, pots and mugs.
All children's silver appliances undergo strict quality control.
Environmental silver produced directly in the factory, careful hand polishing with cotton rollers make the products absolutely safe for the child.
Thanks to the disinfecting function of silver, regular use of silver appliances can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some of the typical childhood diseases.
The specialists of the factory received a grant for the application of the complex but very beautiful guilloching technique used by the famous Carl Faberge.
This made it possible to create amazingly bright and three-dimensional images on the products.
The collection is full of cute characters who will become loyal friends for the child.
Inka Squirrel, everything will be fine.
There is a second lung.
Pulmonary tissue regenerates well, if not all are removed, the remaining portion will grow.
If it is a pulmonectomy, the second lung will eventually become larger and will function for two.
Try to breathe full breasts yourself, fathers are stronger than daughters, they do not like tears very much.
Do not mourn ahead of time.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
Blue Origin's New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, broadcast on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended to Earth, TASS reports.
The launch vehicle was launched from a launch site near the American city of Van Horn, Texas.
The ship climbed to an altitude of just over 100 km, space tourists found themselves in a state of weightlessness.
The launch vehicle itself landed normally at the launch site.
On July 20, Blue Origin successfully completed the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard with passengers on board.
ZARISOVSKY VILLAGE MOSKVICH.
You don't have to be in one bunch - bad people happen, you may have complaints about them on a specific occasion...
but what is the number of children, age, pension fund and so on?
Write that they are "bastards, did not return the money."
But how many and when they have children, it is not your business until they gather these children to hang around your neck.
And since this is excluded, so what right do you have to condemn them?
Probably it's only in education so...
Elected (by themselves) parents dictate their rules, openly spitting on existing ones.
What if this also applies to other areas of life, legal proceedings, etc.?
Laws are not written for them.
And if the Pope does implement his method of upbringing and education?
Horror of some kind and an example for others bad very.
Embroidery set "Feathered Stars" DESIGN WORKS 2719.
Composition of the set: canvas Aida 14 ct dark blue, mouline, sequins, sequins, needle, schematic, instruction.
The production of Design Works has its origins in 1987 and is still popular around the world.
Many motifs are developed by such a famous designer as Ronald West.
Design Works sets for cross embroidery are equipped with quality Aida canvas, 100% cotton moulin and tapestry needle No 24.
Also in the range you will find embroidery kits on plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, tracks and tablecloths and much more.
China strengthens prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land crossings are located
The Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council of the People's Republic of China has issued a circular ordering the strengthening of the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land crossings are located, in order to further prevent the importation of infection from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must provide a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test result received within 48 hours before departure.
Those who travel to cities where land crossings are located must take at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will apply from the day when the relevant provincial-level administrative units determine and publish the zones of the said cities, until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities that have land border crossings and meet certain conditions may consider creating buffer zones for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisia Sokolova, as usual, Russian women are drawn to the Eastern ethnos by Indian films, which only in Russia and spun in cinemas.
In the West, no one watched this nonsense with the natives.
And how many such towns and villages are forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, Order no.: 5110704.
The composition of the layers of the RelaxFoam mattress is 2 cm: aloe latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
Case - Splendid knitwear.
The knitted fabric, made of cotton, has a special design.
The base is braided with special synthetic threads that provide special strength and softness of the material.
The honeycomb structure of the weave supports natural thermoregulation and moisture removal during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/sq.m.
Mattress Dimax OK Basis, size 130x185.
Spring orthopedic mattress OK Basis is one of the most affordable models in the range.
Practical filler Balance Foam gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time leaves the price at the budget level.
This product represents the best combination of price and quality.
Foam Balance is a modern material that is obtained from PUR.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
That is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much stricter than Russian ones.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedicity: the material maintains the correct position of the person throughout sleep.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has acquired a stiffness below the average level, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be quite soft.
The main load-bearing unit in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for the content of independent springs, there are 256 elements per square meter.
The practical unit can withstand a weight of up to 100 kg per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, strengthening the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
The manufacturer offers the possibility to choose between a spring block with a height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final cost.
Be sure to indicate your preferences when ordering to the store operator.
The mattress comes in a knitted cover, together with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is non-removable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Bra Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Great for spaces such as the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting device comes in a color: gold.
The lamp uses lamps with the E14 cap.
The total capacity allows to illuminate approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this lamp for rooms decorated in the "Classic" style.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs spoke about the "sad conclusion" in relations between Russia and the United States
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov, in an interview with Izvestia, assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long path of cooperation led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not start yesterday.
There is a one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of some prospect of improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion from the long road we have traveled with the current administration, with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday," the diplomat said.
According to Ryabkov, the problems are related to the US's desire to impose approaches on Russia on a multitude of issues.
The Deputy Foreign Minister added that he would not risk giving optimistic forecasts about the prospects of improving relations and would not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that, with the exception of such areas as strategic stability and cybersecurity, there has been no progress.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach to international security issues and hopes that the signals will be heeded and Americans will listen to common sense arguments.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a meeting with American Secretary of State Anthony Blinken that Moscow is ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
Virologist warns of dangers of COVID nasal vaccination outside hospitals
Those vaccinated with the COVID-19 nasal vaccine may develop allergies and need medical help, so the first points for vaccination with this drug should not be organized in airports and shopping centers.
This was reported by TASS virologist, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the laboratory of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virology of Novosibirsk State University Sergey Netesov.
It is easier to organize vaccination points with nasal vaccine in airports and shopping centers, but I would do it at first only in medical institutions.
The fact is that there is a possibility of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is small, but it is desirable that the person then sits next to the doctor's office.
Doctors have special sets of anti-allergic drugs that act in just a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary," said Netesov.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping centers when experience in using the drug is gained.
He also stressed that when using the nasal vaccine, it is important that it gets on the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
At the same time, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the nasal congestion vaccine fades after injection.
Painting by numbers on canvas, anime "blade dissecting demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring by numbers are interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many like to draw, but sometimes lack abilities or skills.
This simple, but very exciting activity allows you to relax, realize the creative potential and create masterpieces with your own hands.
There are a lot of unusual pictures and "unbeaten" subjects in the assortment!
We develop actual subjects independently and try to make the result please you!
It's very simple!
When coloring, the contours applied to the canvas will not "float," they will not dissolve with water.
Each segment is numbered so as not to get lost in the paint.
The finished painting will become a bright element of the setting, a highlight of the interior, attracting attention at first sight.
But this picture was not drawn by any artist.
It was drawn by yourself.
With your hands!
Home Serbia produces 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian Sputnik V vaccine, Minister of Innovation and Technological Development Nenad Popovic told TASS.
"About 2 million doses of the Sputnik V vaccine have been produced so far at the Torlak State Institute, and we expect that at least 4 million doses will be produced in the coming period," Popovic said.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among Serbs.
In this regard, the republic plans to purchase an additional million doses of the vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia has also expressed interest in the production of the nasal vaccine "Sputnik V" and the drug "Sputnik Light" in the territory of the state.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that the Russian Federation has delivered to Serbia almost two million doses of the domestic vaccine against the coronavirus infection "Sputnik V."
Lama, they say, true believers make up the church.
Whether these true believers exist or not, we cannot know.
Each of us would like to be such a true believer, and each tries to be one.
But no one should speak of himself or of those who believe as he does that they are the only true believers.
Because if they can say to themselves that they are true believers, then others can say exactly the same thing.
Mattress Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145x190.
Mattress Prime Orto S1000 with different sides of stiffness, the total height of the mattress is 22 cm.
Maximum permissible load per berth up to 150 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring unit "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is located in a separate fabric pocket, which allows the springs to properly distribute the body load.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt has been added, separating the mattress and spring fillers.
On one side of the mattress is a layer of coconut coir 3 cm high, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress is added a layer of coconut coir 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm.
Natural latex has an anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The cover of the mattress is made of cotton jacquard, made on an environmentally friendly Hollcon material.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress around the perimeter is additionally reinforced with a frame of artificial latex, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., Please remind me, what style was the marathon at the 2021 World Cup?
Do you see the ski on which the participants of the race should finish in classical style?
Attention, the question - what does Klebo do to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get on the ski if he was coming from behind on the turn in front of the crossbar?
And the "best finisher" at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It's been a long time...
I was, and in fact I was not a driver.
I was, and in fact I was not a driver.
We offered to go 250 km one way at MAZ!
Young, foul-mouthed, agreed.
The owner is nearby, drinks vodka, I'm going.
At first, like a king, he took the axial!
Behind me, a column lined up.
I missed it.
Then the belt on the GUR broke.
Then the hawkers stopped us.
There was an organized column, and their car broke down.
Needs to be towed.
The owner of MAZ explained that he was drunk, driving inexperienced.
And to him - how drunk are you?
Don't stumble, don't fall.
Ahead of us with blinkers and forward!
In my opinion, it doesn't come out of the advertisement whether to grieve.
Singers about the same thing: the return of the retirement age.
For a long time now, all budgets have been completed taking into account the billions lost by pre-retirees.
Who is telling them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1,239 cases of omicron strain of coronavirus were detected in 24 hours - RT in Russian
Within 24 hours, 1,239 cases of infection with the new omicron strain of coronavirus were detected in the UK.
This is reported by Sky News.
In particular, 1,196 new cases of the "omicron" strain were recorded in England, 38 people became ill with a new type of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of COVID-19 cases from the new strain in the UK reached 3,137.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, in a pessimistic forecast, calculated that 75,000 people could die in England by April due to an outbreak of the coronavirus caused by the "omicron" strain.
Peskov warned about the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in the event of continued "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including because of the alleged "invasion" of the country's territory.
"It is impossible to impose any restrictions against Russia and not to experience suffering yourself," the Kremlin spokesman said on the Rossiya 1 television channel.
Peskov claims that this is "understood by everyone in the world."
Earlier, it was reported that the US is considering the introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as a last resort.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to introduce restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars against Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, the head of Sberbank, German Gref, is sure that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - correspondingly adequate comments!
Something from these simple to nauseating recipes is already sickening.
Apparently, the ideas are over.
Even in the distant days of childhood, my mother baked delicious pies and cakes, and it did not come to mind to compare a piece of bread smeared with jam to a cake.
Ksenia, you don't have to bring anything to my mind, my mind has to figure it out!
"The inability of the mind divided with the Spirit to perceive" is what you are about?!
Imagine that you need to explain this on your fingers to an unthinking child, how will you do it?!
(Note that a child under 3-5 years old still has open channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you!)
New Caledonians reject independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, the overwhelming majority of participants refused to secede from France.
This was reported on December 12 by the French television channel BFM.TV.
96.5% of voters voted against independence.
3.51% of residents of the archipelago in the South Pacific supported independence from France.
2.99% of ballots were annulled.
The level of participation in voting on this day was very low: about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polls.
According to experts, the low turnout is due to calls by separatists to withdraw from the referendum due to the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, New Caledonians voted against independence from France in a referendum.
In 2018, the region already held a referendum on independence.
Most residents supported the archipelago being part of France.
New Caledonia is almost 20,000 kilometers from mainland France.
In 1853, France declared New Caledonia its possession.
About 270,000 people live in the archipelago, and the territory has a special administrative-territorial status.
There is a 1998 agreement between Paris and the administration of New Caledonia, according to which the region can organize a vote on its independence twice, with a difference of two years.
Boris, if you don't know the history, don't write.
The name of the city of Arsk is derived from the Bulgarian-Tatar word "artysh" (juniper).
Udmurts (Ary in Tatar) live in the northern districts of Baltasinsky, Kukmorsky district.
Udmurts are beautiful, working people, they have preserved their language, they live in friendship with Tatars, they know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that the Motherland just won't quit.
Fools shouting "cheerful slogans" will quit.
I tell you this with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't spit in the well, you may have to drink water!
WHO tentatively considers "omicron" less dangerous than "delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) tentatively believes that "omicron" is less dangerous than the delta strain of the coronavirus.
However, there is evidence of a decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines for the new COVID-19 variant.
According to information as of December 9, "omicron" has been registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and a significantly altered antigenic profile of the protein of the "omicron" strain suggest a decrease in the effectiveness of the vaccine against infection and transmission of the variant.
According to preliminary findings from South Africa, it is assumed that it ("severity of the disease" - ed.) may be less severe than in "delta"," the WHO said in a technical statement.
The organization notes that so far all reported cases of Omicron infection in the EU are mild or asymptomatic.
However, according to preliminary data, the new strain is spreading faster than the delta.
In Russia, two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been reported.
They were "previously immunized," the Gamaleya Center reported.
The head of Rospotrebnadzor, Anna Popova, said that there is no reliable data yet that the new version of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the others.
In fact, the lack of sun for us southern people is very critical.
In the 10 days we spent in St. Petersburg sometime in November, we saw the sun for the first time when our departing plane took off above the clouds.
Then I just realized what I had been missing all along in beautiful Peter.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To know what he did not know - with his eyes, mouth and skin to drink space!
Who in the ocean sees only water,
The man on the ground does not notice the mountains.
Your Adventure World +7 905 989 9172 What's App
Siberian Expeditions - we can spoil even the worst mood!
Svetlana S., no, there is no such thing - they do not succumb.
If your loved one, with whom you are going to live all your life, does not give in to your requests, then he is a parasite, unwilling to give in return as much as he takes.
And the problem with women is that they slowly and slowly take it all on themselves.
And who is to blame here if she grabbed the gouge herself?
Ukraine named four scenarios for Zelensky
Former Verkhovna Rada deputy Vadim Denisenko listed four scenarios for Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may remain without the support of the West, and may also make compromises on Donbass.
Denisenko said this on Sunday, December 12, in a publication on the portal "Glavred."
The first option, which Denisenko called a "perfect storm," assumes that Ukraine will stop supporting key Western countries, having reached an agreement on the future of the country without its participation.
This development will contribute to the deep crisis that Kiev may face in 2023.
"In parallel, there is a decrease in the prices of key goods that we traditionally export ..." internal protests and confrontation of the authorities with key FPG (financial-industrial groups). "Ed.)," the former parliamentarian added.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario of the situation - "a war against all."
This forecast will come true in the event of high turbulence in world politics, in which the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Due to this state of affairs, the Ukrainian leadership may make compromises on the Donbass, as a result of which a confrontation within the country is possible.
At the end of the summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, the probability of such a situation, according to the former backbencher, is up to 50-55%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is a confrontation between the population groups that disagree with Zelensky and the president, which is why it is likely to seize control of the power bloc and implement "populist initiatives."
During this version of the crisis, Zelensky will begin "reformatting the government," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is the transformation of Zelensky into the "father of the nation."
This could lead to an event that would be a major shock to society.
"The event should be large enough to provoke a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
This scenario is possible as a result of a natural disaster, man-made disaster or aggressive actions of Russia, the former deputy believes.
At the same time, the Russian side has repeatedly rejected any possibility of an "attack" on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that are increasing military activity on Russia's borders.
Earlier, on November 11, polling data from the polling group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to record lows, amounting to 19.3%.
This is the lowest figure since his election as head of state.
Analysts predicted a situation in which, in the event of the next presidential election in Ukraine, only 21.8% would vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% would vote for former president Petro Poroshenko.
At the same time, only 19.3% of respondents expressed support for the president.
Shower system KAISER Sena (74182)
The KAISER Sena shower system (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in operation, this is also confirmed by numerous customer reviews on third-party Internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also receive a guarantee from us on the quality and performance of the product.
We provide delivery by transport companies throughout Russia and in any region.
If you identify any defects, we will easily return the full cost paid by you.
When you call the operator, you will be able to get a personal discount on this product.
When buying, please leave a review of the use.
The author thanks for the story about the great athlete, did not know that Elena Shushunova died, it is very sad to learn this.
I remember cheering for her at the Olympics in Seoul, for us, the residents of Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, real time.
Such intensity of passions, emotions ran high, I remember the joy when Elena won.
They also rejoiced at the other victories, as they cheered for Salnikov, for the football players, for all the Soviet athletes then.
On the telly, I once saw a documentary about a Central American country, and there the watermelons rolled down the gangway onto the side of the ship like barrels.
The watermelons were monstrous in size.
I myself worked many times in my youth in cleaning and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and did not meet watermelons weighing more than a pud.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from the bakhchi and not before the beginning of August.
Balconette bra with soft lace cups (size: 90E, color beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, article: 12008).
Balconette bra with soft lace cups, on frames.
The lower part of the cup is reinforced with an inelastic transparent canvas.
The side inner part of the cup, in the area of the sewn straps, is reinforced with an inelastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows you not to stretch the lace.
The richness of the lace can be appreciated thanks to the festoon along the neckline and under the breast.
Vertical bones on the side panels of single-layer microfibre prevent the fabric from twisting on large sizes.
I really did not like the article, angry, poisonous.
They went through people you don't know anything about.
But now many people like it, put people on atoms.
I hope that commentators with honor and decency all the way and they are experts in everything.
In Moscow in the evening 100 times you think about whether to go alone to the store, migrants everywhere, their crowds.
They consider themselves masters.
Are you serious about child benefits and pensions?
Benefits are penny and pay them up to a maximum of 3 years, pensions 12000, someone about dentistry wrote, prosthetics we have long paid and very expensive.
People like from another planet.
It's bad in France, but we're great?
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact texture, comfortable elasticity and rigidity, wear resistance and durability properties.
The Beautyson product from the Sens series is intended for the wellness sleep of people suffering from joint and vascular diseases.
The design ensures an even distribution of the load on the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The base of the Beautyson Sens Hard S600 mini Sint mattress is an independent spring block S600 mini with a reduced spring height.
Beautyson uses spunbond, coconut coir and polyurethane foam as internal fillers.
Spunbond serves as an intermediate insulating layer between soft materials and springs.
The orthopedic foam with charcoal impregnation is decorated on the surface with a shaped cutting, which provides a micro-massage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high characteristics of moisture exchange and breathability.
The outer mattress case is made of thick jacquard with synthetic fibers.
The material is strong and durable, does not abrade and does not require complex maintenance.
The poet arrested for the action on Red Square: "For the quote Yevtushenko is given 10 days, here it is, the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was arrested for ten days.
A student of the HSE was detained on Red Square with a poster on which was written the hashtag #poetvrossiya bolshechempoet.
This quote belongs to the writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up for Alexander under an administrative article on repeated violation of the procedure for holding a public action.
The first time he was detained on January 23 on Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
"The goal was to draw attention to poetry in general, now the interest in it, unfortunately, has been lost, to the decline of the common culture in Russia and also a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag," explains Alexander.
We contacted the young poet to find out the circumstances of the detention and to reveal in more detail the message of his message.
How did the police treat you during your arrest this time and before?
What was asked in the department, how did they comment on your action?
This time the officers were more correct, the detention was as polite as possible, no matter how ridiculous it sounded in some context of the word.
On Pushkinskaya took riot police and took hard.
They asked standard questions about motives.
When they heard, in principle, they looked, if not approvingly, then understandingly.
Except for the monkey that was blown on all four sides, everything was perfectly correct, but I knew what I was going for.
And if after the action under this hashtag they start to write their poems, at least a few people, I will sit these 10 days for nothing.
Maxim, according to the protocol, speak in private at least in the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
And at public and official events, they speak the language of others, so that everyone can understand what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through an interpreter.
This protocol and nothing else, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks perfect Russian and nevertheless uses the help of an interpreter.
And at official events, a transcript is kept in the old-fashioned way, and the stenographer is not required to know several languages.
You don't want many words, so say no!
And then so much water.
Well, go as a tourist for six months "in the Andes, then in Nepal."
Before that, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And slowly sell off these shares, opening an account in any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but less dependent on the United States currency, such as Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
However, this is not all that keeps Americans in the United States.
Keeps them confident that the U.S. is better than anywhere else.
They are so cultivated.
Hansgrohe Quattro mechanism for three outputs (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: concealed mounting mechanism; purpose: for mixer, bath, shower; built-in systems: yes; type of installation: embedded (in the wall); body material: brass; concealed mounting mechanism: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's code: 15930180; barcode: 4011097345239.
Additional information: pressure regulator required; set of delivery: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 users; possible simultaneous inclusion of 2 consumers (showers); suitable for all sets of Quattro exterior; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers told how potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and trace elements that help improve blood circulation and reduce cholesterol.
The root vegetable contains B vitamins, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic acid and pantothenic acid.
All of these elements help the body's systems function.
In addition, the potato helps in the fight against age-related disorders.
Due to its high content, it is useful for the gastrointestinal tract, and if consumed regularly, it can also help in the prevention of hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, the root vegetable is better stewed or cooked, rather than fried in oil.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes can be dangerous for diabetics, like other foods with a high glycemic index.
These are foods containing carbohydrates that are quickly broken down into sugars, such as sugar, sugary soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the newspaper Kommersant warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a reduction in their production in personal farms and an increase in processing capacity.
According to market participants, the shortage of products at the moment will be able to replace only imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from the Yandex issue
Relegation candidates
In 2015, rights holders from the RAEC/Media cluster compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate websites and most of them ceased to exist, says Karen Kazaryan, Director General of the Internet Research Institute.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive thanks in part to regular domain name changes, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series "The Squid Game" and "Tenderness" directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of Russia's largest video service ivi (part of AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in the search engines, you can watch the animated novelty "Encanto," but judging by the quality of the video, it is a so-called screen (filmed in the cinema pirate copy of the film).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the series "University. 10 years later" of TNT (part of Gazprom-Media) is available.
Svetlana M., sorry, of course, but I wouldn't care if my son is offended by his mother or not.
If we have some misunderstanding happening, it is better not to meet at all, the estimate is on its way.
It is good, of course, that this rarely happens.
Coffee bra with padded cups without frames and front clasp 135I GI1265.
The T-back is reinforced from the inside with crossed elastic bands made of cotton and lycra.
The bra is made of microfibre combined with a mesh fabric for breathability.
The cups are duplicated in cotton fabric for a comfortable fit.
Unique Magiclift design (crossed under the chest and along the neckline supporting inserts) for lifting, separating and supporting the chest.
The wide, comfortable straps on the lining with a microwave are adjustable at the back.
Lyudmila, China now has advanced space technology.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
"This idea developed by the Poles" - it would be more accurate to say that Poland only reworked the idea of 1776, but developed it quite effectively.
Actually, the slogan "The outskirts are not Russia" appeared in 1848.
Which, by and large, doesn't really change the point.
I watched her interview, the girl said that the biggest dream is for her to grow wings, her dad constantly woos her.
Well, as if all this is very doubtful.
Well, I went to university, and what next?
Wall lamp Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
The wide circumference, framed by "molecules" of light, ensures the most uniform and bright lighting of the space.
The "atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose relevance and allows for favorable accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is the weightlessness of the structure.
Due to the thin, almost invisible cables, which are adjustable in height, it creates the feeling that the chandelier floats in the air.
Metal gold fittings and matte-white miniature plafonds will easily complement any palette, and the hanging chandelier and bra presented in the collection will become a ready-made ensemble for lighting the living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, on the taste and color, that is called.
I really liked "Tarhun," not the current one, of course.
Very tasty were the juices in the bottling from high glass cylinders.
Three servings of syrup - overkill, for my taste.
Two were just right.
Mattress Dimax Micro Ultimate, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient because it has two different soft surfaces - high stiffness and slightly more than average.
The product includes only high-quality and premium fillers, which have proven themselves exclusively on the best side.
Springs: in the center of the model there is a block of independent springs "micropackage."
This means that there are 2000 spirals per bed, which work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives a unique point adjustment.
"Micropackage" is the highest frequency of all the variety of spring blocks "Dimax," therefore it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered a premium.
Fillers: combinations of coir layers and natural latex are installed at the top and bottom of the springs.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface has latex, the other has coconut coir.
Such a tandem of fillers has long carried the status of a classic, because it conveys not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties to the mattress.
If the coir provides the correct support to the back, then latex gives adaptation of the surface to the human body.
Case: The model comes in a simple knitted Aloe Vera case.
At the customer's request, it can be made both removable and stationary.
The total height of the product is 27 cm, the recommended load on the bed is 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: warranty period is 3 years.
The mattress has received all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its complete safety and reliability in operation.
The orthopedic foam that is used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Estonian scientists will search for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in cooperation with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, "Actual Camera" reported on Sunday.
The goal of the missions starting in five years is to assess the habitability of Venus clouds and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists have proposed tools to measure the acidity and oxygen content of the Venus clouds.
Until now, it was assumed that the clouds of Venus, the planet closest to Earth, were too acidic for life to exist there, but it is likely that Venus was originally a terrestrial planet.
On the third mission, a sample from Venus should arrive.
Suppose that if we find life there, the main question becomes whether it is similar to Earth's or different.
If it is very similar, then it will be obvious that Earth's life did not begin on Earth.
If it is different, then it may be more likely that life originated on Earth," said Mihkel Pajusalu, head of the Estonian team of the Venus Life Finder project.
A hat, not a phone...
Six months to him, and the whole price...
Fed up with this Chinese nonsense...
Can't they quality phone make...
At least, my samsung has already survived three of these (friends have already thrown them out) and will survive!
Metaverses Will Change Russian Business
The theme of metaverses became popular this fall when Mark Zuckerberg announced the transformation of Facebook into Meta.
For the market, this event was an important signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
Therefore, business in Russia, as in the rest of the world, will invest in the creation of their own metaverses and their subsequent monetization.
Metaverses should be considered as an extension of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, the trend to create remote interactions in the context of a pandemic, because people are tired of disconnection and restrictions.
On the other hand, it is a consequence of the desire of business to develop ecosystems and adapt operating models to them.
On the third, they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitization of assets, when any rights, securities, works of art and even money go digital.
Anya, You are right, nutritional change is a conscious process.
When you start eating right, you don't want something too fatty and harmful.
Of course, we will have a traditional olive and herring under the fur coat for the holiday, but no one forces me to eat everything at once.
You can eat a spoon, try - and enough.
After all, there are ten days off ahead, you can prepare any delicious and healthy dishes.
And how much hellish work, time, money it took her in training.
And after completing 5 quarter jumps, she was left without gold.
she will never be an Olympic champion.
And anyone who hasn't just played sports or can't imagine all the circles of hell she's gone through, DON'T LEAVE WITH CONDEMNATION.
British economist failed to give forecast for 2022
The British economist Jim O'Neill could not give a forecast for 2022, because, in his opinion, such attempts would fail.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change the turnover.
The most important factor remains the coronavirus pandemic, followed by inflation, he believes.
O'Neill also admitted that he does not know whether the increase in commodity prices is temporary or not.
As the specialist pointed out, even before the pandemic, it was clear that "the world of endless central bank largesse has outlived its usefulness" and it is time to return to a relationship where inflation-adjusted interest rates will be correlated with expected GDP growth.
O'Neill noted that, against the backdrop of the pandemic, the continuation of ultra-loose economic policies could, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as rising poverty and climate change, O'Neill concluded.
Earlier, Mikhail Shulgin, head of global research at Discovery Investments, said that positive expectations for the dollar for 2022 remain, with less growth potential.
Shulgin cited the Fed's monetary policy, the dynamics of oil prices and fears amid the coronavirus pandemic as risks to the dollar's value.
I have to agree.
But one thing is encouraging: if you compare yourself to yourself, five years ago there were fewer containers.
It's better now.
There is progress, only sluggish.
There is still this problem: there are many environmental initiatives in cities, but people do not know about them.
Any eco-taxis that pick up waste from home.
Yes, it is commonplace to receive recyclable materials - it is used by the marginalized.
Rarely does anyone bring glass and metal in there.
And the author...
Sausages "with cats" in Soviet factories?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well, yes, they are not tasty enough compared to Doshirak, I understand...
And I would now roll up Soviet candy with white filling.
That is no longer the case.
They don't release "Pilot," and "Romashka" is not the same...
Car mats EVA (rhombus) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
Car mats EVA are made of high-quality material of Russian manufacture.
The surface of the mats consists of cells in the shape of rhombuses.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
Mats do not absorb or pass moisture.
All the dirt is evenly distributed in the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material from which the mats are made is elastic, wear-resistant, odorless.
It retains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 °C.
The mats are unpretentious to use and suitable for year-round use.
EVA carpets cover the standard carpet as much as possible, closing the rest area of the left leg.
The back row tunnel is covered with a mat.
The border is made of heavy-duty automobile sling.
Mattress Dimax Practice Basis Plus B13 180x220 cm
Springless mattress Dimax (Dimax) Practical Basis Plus in13 consists of a single type of filler.
This is a 13 cm high artificial latex slab.
Due to the characteristics of the material, the mattress has a symmetrical average stiffness of the sides.
The product is covered with a jacquard cover with a lining on a comfortable layer, removable or non-removable type to choose from.
PUR is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PPU) are characteristics similar to the natural analogue, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is elastic and elastic, but, unlike the natural material, has a greater rigidity.
It forms the anatomical surface of the mattress with high-quality support, which ensures a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and durability of the mattress.
A quality mattress that is not afraid of temperature changes.
Anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for setting up a bed in the country or in a country house.
Its advantages also include universal medium stiffness and a maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2 trillion 784 billion rubles on the purchase of new cars, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to statistics from the agency Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI).
To understand the scale - about the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
Last September, at a meeting of the heads of the countries of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, President Vladimir Putin said that such an amount is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
In terms of revenues in the Russian market, the Korean brand Kia leads.
For 10 months of this year, it managed to sell cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than a year earlier.
Kia's sister brand Hyundai has an even more significant increase - more than 35%, and the revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
On the leading position of this brand and on the increase of the weighted average price of the car - for the year Hyundai it grew by almost 21%, to 1.94 million rubles - only Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz had a stronger price dynamics.
At the same time, the sales volumes of Korean brands grew less significantly: according to the statistics of the Committee of Automobile Manufacturers of the Association of European Business in Russia, in quantitative terms Kia sold 9.4% more cars in the same period than in the previous year.
Hyundai - by almost 12%.
Closes the top three in terms of sales in monetary terms Japanese Toyota - on cars of this brand Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles in 10 months, which is 14% more than a year earlier.
The Japanese are followed by Mercedes-Benz with a figure of 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand has increased both its sales volume (by 37%) and the weighted average price of the car (by almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
"Mercedes-Benz simultaneously has a good increase in sales and weighted average price - more, for example, than BMW - hence the greater increase in financial capacity," explained Tatiana Arabadji, CEO of NAPI.
In terms of sales growth, Chinese brands are performing fantastically, having also significantly increased their financial capacity this year."
Russian Lada on the dynamics of income growth demonstrates average market indicators (plus 28%), on cars of this brand Russians spent 229.4 billion rubles in 10 months.
At the level of last year in terms of financial capacity are companies whose sales of cars in pieces in 2021 fell: in particular, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ and in the negative - in 10 months Russians spent 12 billion rubles on SUVs and pickup trucks of this brand compared to 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the backdrop of problems with the supply of auto components and production disruptions that have engulfed the entire global auto industry, auto companies continue to continuously adjust prices - the same "AvtoVAZ" increased the cost of Lada models seven times in a year, the last increase in price (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Regularly rewrite the price tags for their products and other automakers.
The volume of the Russian automobile market in monetary terms will continue to increase - in addition to the shortage of cars, inflation makes its contribution to this, as well as the desire of automobile companies to recover past losses, experts believe.
In the context of a shortage of cars, I think that many car companies were even able to partially pass on to the consumer the costs of past periods, which they could not put into the price of cars before,
says VTB Capital's automotive analyst Vladimir Bespalov.
I believe that, financially, the automakers are doing very well right now, maintaining high sales margins."
An indirect indicator of this is the rate of growth in the cost of cars, which is observed during 2021, the prices of new cars are growing faster than inflation, the expert clarifies.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantitative terms and in monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the increasing complexity of the design of the cars themselves, predicts Bespalov.
As supply increases, the scope for price increases will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow in the coming year, even if the growth in the cost of cars slows down, automakers will be able to get their income from volumes, notes independent auto industry consultant Sergey Burgazliev.
Taking into account the increased demand and insufficient supply, now automobile manufacturers are striving to get the highest profit from each car sold, notes Burgazliev.
The increase in the volume of production of machines is not expected at least in the next six months, while in Russia the excitement is also fueled by the uncertainty of citizens in the future.
Against the background of the current situation in the market, cars turned out to be a good object for investment - a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold for more than the original cost, the expert states.
Biden spoke about US military deployment to Ukraine in case of Russian invasion
The US leadership never considered sending the US military to Ukraine in the event of a Russian "invasion."
This statement was made by US President Joe Biden.
"There were never any such plans," the head of the White House said when asked by a journalist whether the U.S. had abandoned such an idea.
Biden noted that if the situation around Ukraine escalates, Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he stressed that the United States and NATO have no obligation to use military force to defend Ukraine in the event of an escalation.
The American leader also stated that the possibility of using American troops unilaterally for the defense of Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades the territory of Ukraine, the United States will transfer forces to the Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Estonia).
"We will have to send more American and NATO troops to the eastern flank, B9 - all those NATO countries for which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack by Russia," Biden said.
Earlier, Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow has no intentions to invade Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees a problem in the combat use of drones supplied by Turkey by Kiev, as well as in the fact that "American weapons are approaching our territory."
Immediately I leave such interviews.
If already at the interview they want to make me listen to screams, wait for hours, drink an incomprehensible burda and wash another cup - it's scary to imagine what will happen at work.
I will find a normal place for myself, without an eucharistic layer, where you immediately talk to the manager.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 cm
The medium-height springless mattress Promtex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 is created from alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium-hard, the other moderately hard.
The sleek white jacquard case is prosthetic on the synthepone and is complemented by a zipper around the perimeter.
Two kinds of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Thin slabs of coconut coir are laid between the latex slabs.
The layered structure of the mattress is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to loads.
Natural latex by its characteristics is a dense, elastic, breathable material.
The filler holds the shape and quickly recovers after loads.
Coconut coir strengthens the strength of the product, naturally has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials makes it possible to create a load-resistant orthopedic bed that will last customers for many years.
Versatility and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different physiques and ages.
The medium-hard surface is versatile with a balanced combination of orthopedics and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately stiff bed is more relevant for those who need "unloading" of the back and healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for both one person and a couple.
The latter will especially appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of a "wave" effect, when vibrations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite, disturbing the person in sleep.
Desktop easel "Studio" 20*24*54 (65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Desktop easel "Studio" with height-adjustable top holder.
Suitable for small canvases.
Material - natural beech, lacquered.
It will work comfortably for both beginners and professional artists.
Smooth adjustment of the inclination angle.
Equipped with a shelf-support for canvases and tablets.
The upper holder securely fixes the canvas.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, the maximum size of the canvas is 40 cm.
If a scammer calls from such a number, such as "an employee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs" or another security agency, then it is ineffective to immediately drop it, and it is likely that it will not be possible to blacklist it.
Because to confirm his lies about his involvement with the security agencies, he quickly repeats the challenge and continues to scare and persuade.
More useful recommendations for the people are needed.
That's nonsense...
I don't believe that was the case at all.
They no longer know what to think, who to blame.
They don't know what to think, who to blame.
And most importantly, in their opinion, all but the most...
And it would not be easier to leave people alone from coercion, of course, if ours care about their people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear...
As in Japan... before the elections, the influence was weakened and there were fewer infections...
Felting wool set "Assorted No. 2" 100% merino, wool 4x10 g
Felting wool as a craft originated eight thousand years ago, only for this occupation it was very difficult to find animal hair, and colored even more so.
But now voila!
We present a semi-fine natural wool for felting from a Russian manufacturer, for which you do not have to run through the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of felting wool make it possible to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, appliques for creativity, costume jewelry, interior decorations and even clothing and accessories.
Imagine a pair of "dumpy" fluffy sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace that will look great with a new dress, or unique homemade slippers that exactly no one will have...
Embody your ideas by "collapsing" this wonderful wool!
Maria Kartashova, what does "in response to this" mean?
I do not voice my thoughts, I curse you all mentally.
I mentally cut off the heads of all those who did not give way to me, mentally send into the ditch and burn all the cars that obstruct my passage, mentally everything!
And from the looks of it, I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas the Second did not sign any death warrants during his reign.
Even to such outlaws as Koba and his brigade.
And Bloody Sunday is already an invention of the Bolsheviks.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
Mattress, hard on both sides.
Natural material latex coconut coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary rigidity and elasticity to the mattress.
The independent TFK spring unit (512 springs per bed) will provide unique comfort and correct support to the spine during sleep.
Cotton jacquard cover, 200 g.
hallcone gives protection and comfort.
Maximum load per bed: 130 kg.
My horse.
Pony house with accessories, in the display 6 pcs.
The charming pony horse lives in a cozy folding pink house.
If you open her house, then inside one of its halves you can install a kitchen, and on the other half - a table, placing on it treats for guests.
The pony has large beautiful eyes, its mane and tail can be brushed.
The set includes: pony 9 cm, comb, house (2 halves), built-in table (2 parts), kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), cake with heart (2 parts), juice bottle, 2 glasses, kettle, cup and saucer.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
Alternating layers of latex and hard coconut coir give the effect of improved body support.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress can easily withstand a load of up to 170 kg per bed.
There is no wave effect: the spouses lying next to each other do not roll over regardless of the weight difference.
The materials from which the model is made have undergone thorough quality control.
They are ventilated, do not dampen, do not absorb odors.
Thanks to the full circulation of air, a unique microclimate is created, which promotes healthy rest.
A high-strength thermal adhesive is used to fasten the parts.
The film of the student Alexander Sokurov won the European Oscar for the best editing
The Oscar-nominated Russian film "Unclenching Fists" won the European Film Academy Award (also called the "European Oscar") in the nomination "Best Editing," reports "Moskovsky Komsomolets."
The jury of the contest, which voted online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, appreciated the outstanding skills of the filmmakers.
The maximum number of awards received this time the film Jasmila Žbanic (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Aida?"
The main character of the film is a translator at the UN mission, who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Unclenching Fists," directed by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of the workshop of Alexander Sokurov), this film tells about the difficult relationship between a domineering father and those who want to free themselves from the paternal care of growing children in North Ossetia.
Earlier, it was announced that this film was nominated for the Academy Award as the best film made in a foreign language.
As the regular friendly meetings between the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, and Turkey show, I think you are, to put it mildly, out of touch.
Only yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of the joint Azerbaijani-Russian enterprise KamAZ.
From my point of view, the literature program was formed by ladies of the Balzac age based on their interests.
From Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those very ladies of Balzac's age.
And the psychology and torment of the heroines of Tolstoy and Turgenev are not so interesting for teenagers.
Teenagers are rarely interested in the psychology of heroes.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were plush to represent a certain variety?
There are roses of this color and with such a structure of the petal, reminiscent of velvet, as a rule, dark red, burgundy tones.
And light roses look different, the petals have just a satin or silky sheen.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are kind of colorblind.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas are NOT allowed to look into their eyes - in some safari parks, visitors are given goggles with painted eyes that look to the side.
Bees still rely on scent...
Mattress Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195.
Model "Micropackage Prestige": comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different hardness of the sides: the medium-hard surface is formed by latex coconut fiber and natural latex, the moderately soft surface is formed by a natural latex slab.
A spring block with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the sleeper's body, preventing the appearance of the "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Among the advantages of the model, it is necessary to highlight breathable materials.
The latex, perforated for breathability, ventilates naturally, just like coconut coir.
Thanks to this, a healthy microclimate of the bed is maintained.
The mattress also comes with an extended warranty.
The term of the official guarantee from the manufacturer is 5 years, in fact, the life of the mattress is longer.
Protection against dust and dirt is entrusted to a removable jacquard cover supplied in the kit.
Get an orthopedic pillow in pair with the mattress - it is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of the sides - coconut serves as an anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Turn on your brain and drive such relatives away!
It's better to have none than these...
Either look for a third-party driver or someone who is willing to invest and work with you in proportion.
If it doesn't work out, then sell the car, albeit at a loss, don't regret it.
You will think better next time...
Andrey, you were clearly explained that pensioners work in schools, they will not work on the command line.
The teacher of computer science will not be able to help either, he was not taught this, the schoolboy plays games in Windows.
So no support.
I remember with horror these feasts and guests in the house of my parents.
The guests are on the doorstep, and the cutlets are still being fried on the stove, the disheveled mother is cleaning the floor.
Lord, yes, I sat down at the table without strength.
And then wash the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday, you drag food, two days of cooking, a day of cleaning after.
What about the guests?
They are good, and they also have to take a cake with them.
Since then, I don't like holidays, guests.
Even for my family I set the table at the minimum.
And I cook delicious treats for them, I bake very often just like that.
Germany: Fourth Coronavirus Shot Imminent
A fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or fall of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be final, but will continue with renewed vigor.
Despite an active vaccination campaign in Germany, no two or three doses of the coronavirus vaccine are likely to be enough for complete protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners, Ulrich Weigeldt, is convinced of this.
About it on Saturday, December 11, reports Die Welt.
"We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the fall," the expert believes.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth coronavirus vaccination can be carried out "in combination with the flu vaccination."
This will help you achieve the best results.
In addition, increased vaccination may help in the fight against the spread of a new strain of coronavirus "Omicron."
Moreover, the new version is particularly dangerous.
Thus, the probability of re-infection with Omicron is three times higher than that of Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Based on this, BioNTech/Pfizer manufacturers plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
The companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new variant of the Omicron coronavirus.
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that with two doses of the vaccine, the effectiveness is significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
"This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the omicron strain," BioNTech and Pfizer said.
Therefore, a third dose is needed.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, the chairman of the German Society for Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, is in favor of shortening the interval between the second and third vaccinations.
Moreover, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of the coronavirus.
"The experience of Israel shows this very convincingly," the expert stressed.
Wobbler Pontoon21, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibes in that it was originally created with ice fishing in mind, and not just cast fishing.
These vibes have a larger specific gravity than their counterparts close in size, which undoubtedly has a positive effect on the nuances of using these interesting lures.
Another recognizable feature is the upper fin made of durable and resilient plastic, which creates additional shades of vibration during vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a "winter vibe", Bet-A-Vib shows quite an aggressive game when fishing in the plumb line.
Often the most catchy is a simple monotonous animation, that is, moving the rod up and down with almost no pauses.
When planning, the deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient when fishing in a limited space littered with underwater vegetation, snags and other obstacles for which a hook is possible.
In addition, a slight deviation is relevant when catching zander and large perch in winter, and especially in the middle of winter, when pinpoint and aggressive bait feeding is required.
Having reached the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly turns around and returns to the original vertical.
The Bet-A-Vib is equally successful in winter fishing for pond trout.
To please its whims, you can choose from two modifications: with a noise capsule (NS - NanoSound) or without it (SL - Silent).
It has also been noted that Bet-A-Vib is able to irritate a passive pike, which does not even react to live bait, by playing in a plumb line.
When cast, the Bet-A-Vib demonstrates range and accuracy.
This wobbler is understandable and not capricious, goes well with fishing line and braided cords of even large diameters.
For casting pike, pike perch, ruff or perch, in addition to uniform, the "step" is also relevant, sometimes with "scratching" on the bottom.
If you are fishing in tight places, you can change the front tee to a double, which will reduce the likelihood of hooks.
Among the lures of its class, Bet-A-Vib is among the most stable in operation and, as a result, one of the most catchy.
With the same success it can be used both in relatively shallow and in fairly deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young idlers sit on the neck of old parents.
"Golden youth" are obviously lazy people for the most part, who do not know anything and do not know.
A well-fed life leads to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin meant this large part of the population.
You are right, you are joking.
I have never seen shoes in this store that I would like to buy.
What perennial sock are you writing about?
This shoe is made of leatherette.
Well, if one season survives.
"Zenden" is on par with "Kari."
Go in a couple of times, look and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
Libya announces 7,000 Russian mercenaries
There are more than 7 thousand mercenaries of the private military company (PMC) "Wagner" in Libya.
This was announced on Sunday, December 12, by the chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Republic, Khaled al-Mishri.
"Currently, there are more than 7,000 Wagner PMC mercenaries in Libya.
They also have planes.
They are also digging trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jets at the Gardabiya airbase (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," Anadolu quoted him as saying.
Khaled al-Mishri also pointed out that Russian mercenaries are "trying to capture" the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean, after "bringing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Maintain presence
According to the interlocutor of the publication, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "located in Libya."
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using an air base and port in Sirte, as well as an air base in Jufra, the agency notes.
The Russian authorities officially deny that the Wagner PMC enjoys the support of the Kremlin.
Where else can there be mercenaries
According to the agency, Wagner presumably operates in nine African countries - Central African Republic, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training for local forces, personal protection of leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses to use minerals and natural resources, as well as to supply weapons, technology and military services to these countries," the article reads.
According to the media, the "Wagnerites" allegedly fought in the Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the Central African Republic.
This group is not listed either in law enforcement agencies or in the register of legal entities, and its fighters are not on the formal lists of personnel.
This company is under US sanctions.
Recall that earlier the permanent representatives of 27 EU countries approved restrictions against Wagner.
The Council of the European Union is expected to approve this decision on December 13.
The situation in Libya
The Supreme State Council of Libya is de facto the second chamber of parliament with advisory functions with the dominant Islamists in it, writes TASS.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of the single voting day for the elections of deputies of parliament and the head of state from December 24 to at least February 2022.
"There are less than two weeks left before the elections, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing," the material says.
Against this background, the Libyan High Electoral Commission has postponed indefinitely the announcement of the final list of candidates, Sky News Arabia reports.
Foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in the country's foreign policy, 29% believe that failures prevail.
"Examples of success are "they defended in Syria, restored peace there," "the decision on Nord Stream 2", "the whole world was intimidated that they were cool weapons," "We squeezed Crimea."
The main failures are "conflict with Ukraine," "confrontation with Western countries," "isolation from the world," according to a study by the Public Opinion Foundation.
The Dubai government has completely abandoned paper-based office work - all public services have also become only digital
The Government of Dubai announced the complete rejection of paper-based office work and the transition to digital technologies.
All public services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the Emirates news agency WAM.
"Today marked the beginning of a new phase of digitalization in all aspects of Dubai life - we have completed the transition to a completely paperless government," Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of the emirate, Chairman of the Executive Council of Dubai, said on Saturday.
Now, internal and external document flow in all state institutions of Dubai will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all sectors without exception: healthcare, housing and communal services, police, municipal authorities, courts, etc. Many commercial structures also joined the government's initiative.
The transition to e-government and digitalization of workflow began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, according to the authorities, 336 million paper sheets were saved, which is 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in monetary terms.
Earlier, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about the dates of birth and how old the child is, this is already nonsense, about the class and group in the kindergarten too.
Well, I don't believe that such bunglers exist.
And if they do, they obviously don't care about anything, including the family.
My mother lived, her two brothers and grandfather and grandmother on 3 Vladimirskaya, there was a 1st floor without bars.
First they knocked on the door, then on the window, then they decided not to stand on ceremony, they broke the window and climbed in, but the grandfather had a baseball bat, which they received.
These people knew for sure that there was someone at home...
Turkish car production and exports fall below 2020 levels
Turkey's car production and exports fell sharply in November as the lira depreciated.
As a result, the industry's performance for 11 months turned out to be worse than last year's result, Bloomberg reports, citing data from the Turkish Automobile Manufacturers Association.
According to the association, 115,000 cars were produced in Turkey in November, which is 20% less than a year earlier.
About 75.9 thousand cars were sent for export, which is more than 25% lower than last year's figure.
And if, according to the results of the first 10 months of this year, the Turkish automotive sector showed positive dynamics compared to last year, then according to the results of 11 months of 2021, the production of cars was already 0.3% worse than last year's figure.
The reason for this fall was the sharp depreciation of the Turkish lira, which fell 29% against the dollar in November.
This led to a fall in economic activity in all industries.
More than 500 SMEs received deferred loan payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov spoke about the situation with the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, Kazinform correspondent reports.
"According to the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for the regulation and development of the financial market, this year, in pursuance of the order of the Head of State dated April 1, 2021, the order of the Chairman of the Agency dated April 9, 2021 No. 127 "On approval of the Procedure for granting deferred payments on loans from small and medium-sized businesses," Alikhan Smailov wrote in his response to a deputy's request.
He recalled that the procedure for granting deferred payments on loans provided for the provision by banks and organizations engaged in microfinance activities of deferred payments on loans issued before April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including SMEs, in the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The grace period ranged from 30 to 90 days at the choice of the SME subject.
The borrower's application could have specified a different term for deferred payments.
During the grace period, claims and lawsuits, notification of the need to pay off overdue debts, as well as the collection of commissions and other payments by the creditor were suspended against the borrower," the Deputy Prime Minister noted.
In 2021, second-tier banks received applications to defer payments on loans from 603 SME borrowers, of which 553 SMEs received a deferment in the amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
131 SMEs submitted applications for deferment to MFIs, of which 95 entities were granted deferment in the amount of 105.8 million tenge," A. Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with weak immunity can easily tolerate the Okmiron strain
The doctor suggested that people with a weakened immune system can tolerate it more easily than those with a strong protective reaction of the body
Pulmonologist Sergei Puryasev explained why the Okmiron strain of coronavirus could be dangerous.
The reason is to be sought in the conditions of the origin of the virus.
Scientists believe that "okmiron" originated in the body of an HIV-infected or immunocompromised person.
That is, when mutating, he did not meet any resistance from immunity.
Due to this, he is more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no response from the immune system, it became very fast.
Apparently, he has these spike proteins, spikes, maybe more than expected, their antibodies were not cut during mutations, - comments pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor suggested that people with a weakened immune system can tolerate "okmiron" more easily than those who have a strong protective reaction of the body.
It turns out that a strong response of the body to anything, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
This is what happens with pneumococcal infections, when 30-year-old young people die, and 60-year-old old people endure it in the form of a sneeze.
The immune response is frantic in the young, it is completely inadequate: where it was only possible to wag a finger, it hits sparrows like a cannon, Sergey Puryasev concluded.
The doctor also reminded that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Inflammation of the lungs can be bacterial and viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case it is often possible to stop only the symptoms - all hope for the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the onset of intoxication of the body - this is temperature, weakness, and malaise.
Then come respiratory symptoms: shortness of breath, sore throat, cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain may also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, in Russia, by the end of the year, the younger generation from 12 to 18 years old may begin to be vaccinated.
Virologist, head of the MIPT genomic engineering laboratory Pavel Volchkov noted that this category is very actively affected by covid.
Adolescents who go to school have the maximum number of contacts.
This is the most socially active layer, as well as kindergarten students, - Pavel Volchkov, virologist, head of the MIPT genomic engineering laboratory, told Moscow 24.
Many thanks to the author for this article.
Glad to bring back memories...
Teath-In.
In those distant seventies and eighties, not a single dance floor could do without the melodies of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, they arranged dances to their music.
Immunologists hypothesize why obese people become victims of covid
The authors of the work studied the adipose tissue left over from bariatric surgery and found that fat cells, known as adipocytes, can become infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected, and showed a strong inflammatory reaction.
Scientists also examined the adipose tissue of patients who died from covid and found coronavirus particles in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can hide in adipose tissue, using it as a reservoir, in an attempt to avoid the response of the immune system.
Probably, SARS-CoV-2 is also capable of this.
Biologist spoke about the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin named the causes of dementia and talked about ways to prevent it in an interview with Sputnik radio.
According to WHO, more than 55 million people suffer from this disease.
The syndrome is manifested by a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, a person finds it difficult to navigate even in a familiar environment.
Golosheikin noted that neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, certain infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins most often lead to dementia.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
These include hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level, the role of such factors as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity is possible," he said.
The development of dementia is also affected by addictions - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disturbances and a sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
"There is a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence," the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the required level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Formerly Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics of the Federal State Autonomous Educational Institution of Higher Education of the Russian National Research Medical University.
N.I. Pirogova, Head of the Department of Cognitive Impairments of the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnologies Anna Bogolepova spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt returned about 30 thousand artifacts illegally exported from the country
Over the past 10 years, the government of Cairo has managed to return to their homeland about 30 thousand artifacts that were illegally smuggled out of the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, on the air of the Al-Hayat TV channel by the chief inspector of the Department of Returned Antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt, Shaaban Abdel Gauad.
Since 2011, the Egyptian state has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, 5,300 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered at the Museum of the Bible in Washington," he said.
Abdel Gauad specified that all artifacts smuggled out were registered in the archives.
Now the department's employees are working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts "monitor auctions around the world and sales on the Internet" through foreign and Egyptian sites, as well as social networks.
The chief inspector said that upon his return, the cultural property is restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was an ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of the exposition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities asked Interpol to help find a bust of Pharaoh Tutankhamun sold at an auction in London.
The auction house Christie's held an auction on July 4, at which the over 3,000-year-old bust was sold for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the art object was illegally taken out of the Karnak Temple in Luxor in the 1970s.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted as the sun god Amun, was kept in a private collection and has not been put up for auction since 1985.
How the relic came to Europe is unknown.
In recent years, Egypt has been actively seeking the repatriation of antiquities illegally exported from the country at various times.
According to the authorities, 95% of smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological research by "black diggers."
"The Crimean Tatars are not taken into account" - and rightly so, since the Crimean Tatars (232 thousand) are an independent people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, then only 42 thousand people - so many Tatars (Kazan) live in the Crimea (see the census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse requires its employees to give the bank access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The fact is that in Europe and the United States, the Swiss bank does not issue corporate communication devices to its employees, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - a telecommunications operator.
Under the current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to resolve business issues with colleagues or customers.
The bank has the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used it to conduct a meeting with a client that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees have switched to a remote work mode, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that were used to solve work issues.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management has set a deadline by which employees can familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Officially, Credit Suisse does not comment on the new requirement.
Mattress Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200.
In the center of the Vivre Dual royal mattress there is a high-quality and durable block of high independent springs TFK 18.
Natural coconut bedding layers add rigidity, zonal latex distributes the load better, latex with the addition of Aloe ensures the hygiene of the bed, and embossed foam relaxes.
Mattress of symmetrical medium firmness and high height (30 cm).
The product is delivered packed in a tight roll and is ready for use in a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable knitted fabric with stitching on the comfort layer.
The fabric of the cover does not wrinkle, does not stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the hardest for the poet's earthly existence and his "ego."
He is already out of any literary associations, spat with Imagism, he is in himself, but known, in demand, at times strongly scolded by critics, even angrily, but the reading public is ready to carry him in his arms.
During the year, more than 60 poems were written, many of them are real masterpieces, the cycle "Persian Motifs" was completed, the poem "Anna Snegina" was written, 8 books were published, the collection "Soviet Russia".
And the main success - at the end of June 25, the State Publishing House concluded an agreement with Yesenin for the publication of his works in 3 volumes.
None of the contemporary poets of Sergei Alexandrovich received such an honor, he was the first!
In addition, this promised very good money - according to the contract, the fee was 1000 rubles a month for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 300 rubles a month, the engineer - 200).
Funds were needed that year more than ever.
Yesenin married the granddaughter of Leo Tolstoy Sofya Tolstoy, it was necessary to equip the family life, to support the sisters Katya and Sasha, as well as his mother.
It seems that life was getting better, there is something to rejoice, but for him everything is painted mainly in dark colors, as if a nightmare materialized from the poem "The Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after Yesenin's death):
My friend, my friend,
I am very, very sick.
I don't know where this pain came from.
Whether the wind whistles
Over an empty and deserted field,
Or, like a grove in September,
Showers brains with alcohol.
Many acquaintances noted that Yesenin had given up a lot, looked bad, and was clearly ill.
Increasingly repeated absenteeism, nervous breakdowns.
And the reason is probably not only alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was made to Sergei Alexandrovich by someone, there were no reliable documents left.
Let's say, relating to May 1923, when Yesenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, the American Isadora Duncan, improved his health in a clinic near Paris with Professor Pyotr Gannushkin (Yesenin would come to him again two years later, already in Moscow).
But there is plenty of evidence of the poet's binges, scandals on this basis, drives to the police - scattered over dozens of memoirs.
From the beginning of the 1920s, the poet's terrible romance with the green serpent developed rapidly.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Yesenin briefly settled with a friend, imagist Ivan Startsev.
Surprisingly, Yesenin, with his very good income, never had his own housing either in Moscow or in St. Petersburg, he was found in rented apartments, in hotels or with acquaintances.
Startsev recalls:
"He only came to spend the night, and in most cases in a deranged, drunken state.
Once, returning at four in the morning, Yesenin fell on the landing...
Falling, he scratched his face and wheezed.
Having come to his senses a little, he incessantly began to cough, splashing the whole sheet with blood... "
Yes, and Yesenin himself, after a trip to Europe and the United States (there was a dry law in the States then, but Duncan took a decent supply of alcohol with her) admitted:
"I didn't see anything there, except cabs and streets ...
At the end, I stopped remembering people...
Well, I drank, of course...
And I drank because longing gnawed. "
Tire Pirelli (Pirelli) Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
Winter tires Pirelli Scorpion Winter based on a high-strength mixture of rubber and silica provides long-term efficient operation, uniform wear, and resistance to stress.
The linear tread pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter wheel, which forms ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance and directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water, dirt from the contact patch of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, suppress slipping and aquaplaning.
Shaped 3D lamellar enhances traction on slippery roads, on snow and ice.
Large checkers in the shoulder area increase the lateral grip of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire when maneuvering, increase traction, and reduce the braking distance.
Fine grooves and notches remove heat.
Mattress Promteks-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern version of a budget model in the premium line.
The basis of the mattress is a block of independent double springs Duet.
A softer, smaller spring is inserted inside the large spring.
This allows you to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
On both sides of the mattress, it is filled with artificial latex.
This is an analogue of natural latex, but it is denser and less expensive.
The flexibility and elasticity of this material increases the comfortable effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is perfect for a couple with a big difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the "smart" springs, there is no wave effect here when the light partner rolls to the side of the heavy one.
A pleasant, soft to the touch cover made of practical Sense jacquard is stitched with a layer of synthetic winterizer.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this mattress model in a twisted version (vacuum roll-packing).
Now my son is almost 16, and he has not been tormented by the desire to fool around for a long time.
All energy is directed to the choice of what he will earn his living.
He is much more responsible than I was at his age or my husband, who periodically had problems with the law until the very wedding.
A father takes care of his young daughter.
And he loves, as Lermontov wrote, "with a strange love."
Why did the girl burst into tears at the exam, when she had not failed it yet?
Why didn't he tell his daughter that this is not a school.
Well, she will have a tail.
So what?
Retake.
Millions of students know this.
What is it all about?
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus is using migrants as a "weapon" against the EU
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus uses migrants as a "weapon"
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Pavel Yablonsky expressed the opinion that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as a "weapon" against the European Union and intends to return to such an "operation" next year.
The Deputy Foreign Minister made the corresponding statement in an interview with the Australian Financial Review.
According to Yablonsky, the sanctions against Belarus temporarily "stopped Lukashenko," but he "is actively looking for new ways."
Also, the Polish official is sure that now illegal migrants will be used as weapons "in many parts of the world."
As the site kp.ru wrote, earlier the European Union introduced the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It affected 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they announced their readiness to further expand restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve."
Minsk responded by imposing a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Cover for clothes 60×100 cm, spunbond, color blue.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, you need to properly care for them.
Proper storage will extend its service life and maintain an attractive appearance.
A cover for clothes will help us in this!
Advantages.
Using a cover for clothes, you save a lot of space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Neat appearance.
No more dresses, sweaters and skirts hanging out of order.
Neat covers allow you to sort clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people who use racks instead of a regular cabinet, this is the best option.
The cover reliably protects clothes from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
Does not allow clothes to change shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of creases.
Features of covers for clothes.
Special material will allow your clothes to "breathe."
With careful handling, the service life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The cover is "sealed" with a strong zipper.
Important to remember!
Pre-prepare things for storage for a long time: clean them, straighten the folds.
Choose a cover of the optimal size: things should not bend from the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several bulky things at once in one case: they can be wrinkled.
If you value order and tidiness, value your things, want to keep them and extend their service life - order a cover for clothes.
Go to the large catalog and choose the product of the color and size you need at a bargain price!
"Not for Senka's hat": when a velvet jacket makes a laughing stock of a man
Velvet jackets dominated social events in 2021.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashionable decision was Daniel Craig.
Back in September, at the premiere of No Time To Die, he appeared in a velvet crimson jacket and a traditional Bond bow tie.
His example was followed twice by Prince William, who first wore a green velvet jacket that was inconsistent with the royal dress code to The Earthshot Prize eco-award ceremony, and then chose a more classic version for an event in support of the Royal Variety Charitable Foundation.
A couple of weeks ago, Lionel Messiah also tried on the trend.
The footballer came to collect the seventh Ballon d'Or wearing a Dolce & Gabbana velvet jacket.
By the way, his sons were dressed in the same.
AliExpress is already seeing a growing demand for men's velvet jackets in Russia.
According to analysts of the service, received by Gazeta.Ru, they began to be bought 1.4 times more often.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with lining and a fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, navy blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. At the same time, men prefer to buy exclusively jackets - they choose sets of velvet suits less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available at H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment, velvet jackets are presented this season in almost all brands - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most coveted model is considered to be Gucci, in which brand ambassador Jared Leto appeared at one of the premieres of the film "The House of Gucci".
Choosing jackets of expensive brands, you can be sure that the velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to a special technology of weaving threads, a dense fabric with a fleecy outer texture and a smooth inner side is obtained.
More budget options are made of cotton or polyamide, but, accordingly, they serve less.
Lamoda fashion expert Ilya Vakhoshkin warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the main thing is not its model or style, but relevance.
"Velvet requires evening light, so this jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a formal event," Vakhoshkin explains. "It will also work if the invitation says the dress code is "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie."
Another important criterion, the observance of which allows you to make a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
"A man in a velvet jacket, first of all, should acquire the right advanced party with prosperity," say the authors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion "Handsome Brammell." - Owners of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the caste of those people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to timed social events, where a dress code is always indicated.
Ilya Vakhoshkin suggests combining a velvet jacket with the same elegant items: classic trousers with arrows, plain shirts, silk ties, loafers with tassels, cufflinks.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from "Handsome Brummell" are sure that the appearance of an ordinary employee in a velvet jacket at a corporate party will also be inappropriate, but if we are talking about "a leader from among those who run this event, then -" yes, "he has such a thing in mind."
If the employee is a lower rank, and his goal is to move higher in the complex hierarchy of the company or to knock out financial bonuses, then it is better not to wear a velvet jacket.
The management will definitely evaluate this with the phrase "not according to Senka's hat," the editors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion believe.
Very ambiguous sensations from the voice.
This is an unnatural timbre, it pulls so laboredly.
And it is not at all associated with the sweet face of a young girl.
To be honest, I do not understand the admiration of others.
But with all my heart I wish you good luck in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is, paid.
Billion investment.
Are they sad?
No, the price of electricity has gone up.
Traditional energy is also not at a loss - and gas, and oil, and coal were bought cheaper than they are now selling.
Fuel is in high demand.
The penny is dripping.
And who then in flight?
As usual - an ordinary buyer.
Does the problem of the Indians touch the sheriff?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be considered idiots who "overslept" the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a good wink.
I did not see a single beautiful person in the pictures in the article.
Just mediocrity in terms of average passengers.
Perhaps, if such characters are so confident in their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole car, then they will not get used to such people, most likely.
But only because of the mental disorder and ignorance of such "beautiful (s)," but definitely not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "a slave who is aware of his servile position and fights against it is a revolutionary.
A slave who is unaware of his slavery and thrives in a silent, unconscious, and wordless slave life is simply a slave.
A slave who salivates when he smugly describes the charms of a slave life and admires a kind and good master is a cold, a boor."
The immunologist said that revaccination after 4-5 months will help protect against the Omicron strain of coronavirus
Revaccination four to five months later may protect against a new strain of coronavirus infection "omicron."
Such a statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the vaccination six months later, given the emergence of a new strain, "a very long period"
"With previous strains, such a period was normal, but now it is best to carry out the procedure after five months, and for people with chronic diseases - after four," the expert said, calling for revaccination in parallel with the vaccination campaign.
Kryuchkov also noted that early revaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
"If a person received two vaccinations and a booster, or he got sick and got vaccinated, or got vaccinated and got sick, then he got "hybrid immunity," that is, there are a lot of antibodies and neutralizing enough," the expert said.
G7 warns Russia of 'massive consequences' if Ukraine invades
The G7 countries (Great Britain, Germany, Italy, Canada, USA, France and Japan) issued a statement following the meeting of foreign ministers in Liverpool.
It emphasizes that Russia's "military aggression" against Ukraine "will have huge consequences and cost dearly" to Moscow, but the document does not describe specific measures.
"We, the Foreign Ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military buildup and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine," the statement said.
The ministers go on to call on Russia to "de-escalate, use diplomatic channels and honor its international commitments to military transparency," as US President Biden spoke during a December 7 video call to Russian President Putin.
"We reaffirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk agreements in order to resolve the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the G7 foreign ministers also said.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a serious price in return," they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its future.
We welcome the restrained position of Ukraine.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response," the statement also said.
Earlier in the day, the head of British diplomacy, Elizabeth Truss, said Russia would face "serious consequences" if it invaded Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "the united voice of the G7 countries, which account for 50% of world GDP, and which made it very clear that an invasion of Ukraine would have huge consequences for Russia."
Pfizer vaccine found 32 times less effective against omicron strain
The effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
This conclusion was made by scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, reports the South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective based on a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the drug for COVID-19.
"We see that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the original Sars-CoV-2 variant, but this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variety," said Professor Malik Peiris.
At the same time, scientists stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against a severe course of the disease when infected with a coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of a coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the impact of the omicron strain on it.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain could cause a new wave of virus circulation and an increase in mortality if additional measures are not taken.
The head of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry accused Germany of blocking the supply of NATO weapons to Kyiv
Ukrainian Defense Minister Oleksiy Reznikov has accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Kyiv's acquisition of deadly weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-sniper systems and rifles to defeat drones.
It is noted that Berlin later softened its position on rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defense, Kyiv intends to seek the acquisition of the above-mentioned weapons in the framework of bilateral agreements with the allies.
In particular, we are talking about the USA, Great Britain, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government under the leadership of Chancellor Olaf Scholz on allowing arms supplies to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukrainian Ambassador to Germany Andriy Melnyk expressed the opinion that Kyiv should not expect arms supplies from Berlin under Chancellor Scholze.
According to him, the previous leadership of Germany explained its refusal to provide weapons by the risk of developing a military escalation of the conflict in the Donbass, despite the "occupation by Russia" of part of the Ukrainian territory.
The diplomat is sure that Germany will retain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky said that Kyiv was expecting help from Berlin to equip its navy.
Ukraine expects that Germany "will be Ukraine's partner in a technical sense," the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year, the co-chairman of the Green Party of Germany, Robert Habek, visited the republic, where he advocated the sale of defensive weapons to Kyiv.
Sergey NOSOV 2, no, bad eyesight has nothing to do with it.
"And" instead of "E" dial?
Skip commas in large numbers?
So write instead of writing.
No, you are an illiterate person.
And for a philologist it is a disgrace.
Game set "Fishing": e / f light, sound, incl. playing field, 2 fishing rods, 5 figures, bat. 3AA not in., box.
Electrified children's fishing is a cheerful and useful toy for the development of the child.
While playing, the baby will train fine motor skills of hands, develop dexterity, accuracy and attention.
It is worth turning on the toy, as 5 miniature fish will quickly move along the simulated pond to a cheerful melody.
The task of the child is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play alone or together: 2 fishing rods are included in the kit.
The toy is powered by 3 AA 1.5 V batteries (not included).
The size of the playing field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
The winners of the Arseniev Prize were named in Moscow - Russian newspaper
Solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian Literary Prize "Far East" them.
V. K. Arsenyeva was held in Moscow.
As reported on the award page on Instagram, the organizing committee received 89 applications this season.
63 passed the selection.
The Primorsky and Khabarovsk Territories became the leaders in terms of the number of submitted works - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three categories: "Long Prose," "Short Prose," "Prose for Children."
Nine works were shortlisted - three in each category.
The winner in the nomination "Long Prose" was Alexander Filkin (Primorsky Territory) with the book "Inscription on the Gospel."
The award was presented to the winner by Deputy Prime Minister - Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of the Russian Federation in the Far Eastern Federal District Yuri Trutnev.
In the Short Prose nomination, Lyubov Bezbakh (Sakhalin Region) was recognized as the best with her work "Whisper of the Night Rain".
She received the award from the hands of Alexei Chekunkov, Minister of the Russian Federation for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic.
In the nomination "Children's prose" the Trans-Baikal writer Nina Belomestnova and her "Golden Thread" became the laureate.
The author was awarded by screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 500 thousand rubles.
As a reminder, within the framework of the Far East Prize, authors of the best works on the Far East are awarded.
The main task of the award is not only to reward the winners and talk about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest in the Far East, as a priority development area for the 21st century.
Novels, short stories, collections of short stories or short stories, as well as documentary prose and memoirs can be nominated for the competition.
At the same time, the place of residence of the author does not matter, the main thing is to write in Russian.
The official website of the award: https://premiaarseniev.rf/.
Frying pan, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble color, 4278884.
Kukmara "marble" cookware is made of cast aluminum and coated with an innovative water-based non-stick marble coating reinforced with ultra-hard mineral particles.
Features of the dishes of the "Marble" series.
The significant thickness of the walls and bottom excludes deformation of the body, guarantees durability, and provides the necessary strength of the coating.
A water-based, high-strength non-stick marble coating reinforced with ultra-hard mineral particles.
Environmentally friendly non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorinated carboxylic acid).
Ideal distribution of heat over the entire surface of the dish, long-term preservation of heat.
The possibility of using a minimum amount of fat.
The non-stick marble coating is applied by spraying, which guarantees exceptional durability of the coating during operation.
Small scratches and small abrasions on the surface of the cauldron do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the cookware.
Products do not burn and retain their taste.
The possibility of cooking delicious and healthy food without adding oil, as on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Ease of washing.
Suitable for all types of hob except induction.
Can be washed in the dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner coating is "marble."
A water-based, high-strength non-stick coating reinforced with ultra-hard mineral particles.
Reinforced ground layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
Die-cast aluminum housing up to 6 mm thick.
External non-stick coating is "marble."
Cookware Kukmara will allow you to turn the ordinary process of cooking into a pleasant and easy activity for any housewife.
Years ... many years ago I did the same replanning.
Combined the hall with the kitchen.
Three-room apartment.
Was.
Of course, a project, a permit, a new registration certificate, everything is in accordance with the law.
In the hallway they made a bookcase and a large dressing room.
The door to the kitchen was blocked, and there was a lot of space.
For almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we have never regretted what we did.
Of the mistakes - instead of a bath, they installed a cool shower.
A hundred times I regretted it!
I just recently realized that I love rum.
But I have not yet discovered the wonderful world of rum for myself, except for "Bacardi" and "Captain Morgan."
What else would you recommend, and where could this wonderful acquaintance begin?
I got sick too.
I will not be vaccinated.
I came to Chernomorskoe for "rehabilitation."
Just bad luck with the weather...
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in bright houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask the ornithologists.
Plus, paint and other chemical compounds will scare away birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thanks, I'll definitely try.
And what about Japan?
Thanks for the recipe.
And what varieties of apples do you need to put according to this recipe?
It's really delicious.
I add a little more onion and a green apple there.
Try it.
Recently, the zomboyaschik said that the production of cars is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (apparently, microcontroller chips).
Russia was not on this list.
Like this!
In the United States, with their expensive labor force, it is profitable, and in Russia, it is not profitable!
And my mother-in-law pissed me off.
I feel sorry for her, she is not with us.
If I had seen kindness from her, everything could have been different.
But apart from hatred, gossip, scandals, there is nothing special to remember.
I feel sorry for her, life lived in malice.
Mercedes files protest against Abu Dhabi Grand Prix result
The German Mercedes team, whose driver Lewis Hamilton finished second behind Red Bull driver Max Verstappen at the Abud Dhabi Grand Prix, has filed a protest against the final result of the race, according to the press service of Formula 1.
Mercedes believes that Formula 1 rules 48.12 and 48.8 were violated during the race.
In the first case, the German team disputes the decision of the judges to return the lap riders to the same lap as the leaders.
According to the second - Verstappen ahead of Hamilton to the allowed "restart" zone.
Let's add that now the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen was ahead of Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the Formula 1 World Championship, are preliminary, when the protests of Mercedes will be considered are not known
G7 warned Russia about the responsibility for the invasion of Ukraine
Foreign ministers of the G7 countries warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues military aggression against Ukraine, the parties said in the final statement.
The participants of the meeting also noted that they condemn the strengthening of the Russian armed forces near the country's borders.
"Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," the UK government said in a statement.
The ministers of the G7 countries and the EU High Representative noted that they are "united in their condemnation of the Russian armed reinforcement and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine."
British Foreign Secretary Elizabeth Truss at a press conference in Liverpool warned of "great consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We have made it clear that any invasion will have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to renounce aggression against Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier at the summit in Liverpool, the G7 foreign ministers agreed that in order to resolve the crisis due to the buildup of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine, the parties need to return to the negotiating table.
It was about negotiations in the Normandy format.
The North Atlantic Alliance also advocated a dialogue on Ukraine in the Normandy format.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "signed their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Belt bag Homsu Diamond.
The Diamond waist bag is perfect for sports, travel or just walking.
It is convenient to take with you, it is roomy, made of durable and lightweight fabric material.
The main compartment opens with a zipper, which can be done easily even on the go.
Stylish and bright design is perfect for those ladies who really have a delicate taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, thanks to which various things are placed in it, from a passport to a mobile phone.
The material makes it easy to wash the waist bag using various household products.
For convenience, you can use a special strap size regulator.
Revealed ways to return money stolen through online stores
There are several ways to recover money stolen from online stores and avoid becoming a victim of fraud in the future.
They were revealed by information security experts in an interview with RBC.
Thus, in order to reduce the risk of large losses when bank card details fall into the hands of intruders, it is recommended to store fixed assets on a card or bank account that are not used for online shopping.
Part of the savings can be saved to a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend getting a separate card for online purchases.
If money has been stolen while shopping at stores that do not use 3D Secure security technology, you can initiate a refund process.
"Within the framework of the rules established by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions carried out without the use of 3D Secure, the responsibility lies with the participant in the settlement chain who does not use this service," the representative of Promsvyazbank said.
Artur Zaremba, an expert from the international payment provider Ecommpay, emphasized that the buyer has the right to submit an application to the bank to challenge the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the criminal used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authorization, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online stores themselves return funds to the client if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, a member of the Public Chamber, director of the Safe Internet League, Yekaterina Mizulina, reported that in 2021 alone, 11,000 applications were received on various cases of fraud: from the sale of fake documents to the theft of personal data.
Establishing a one-stop-shop for complaints about online scammers could be an effective solution under the current circumstances, she said.
Scholz arrived in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU legislation
Newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the migrant crisis on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the buildup of Russian troops near the borders of Ukraine and the situation with Russia's Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline.
Although Scholz stated his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for many years to come, the leaders of the two countries expressed unequivocal expectations from each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he would urge Scholz to oppose Nord Stream 2, which is supposed to deliver Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Morawiecki, Russia can use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin said it would help Warsaw and Brussels resolve this crisis.
Poland's judiciary, however, remains one of the reasons for disagreement.
The European Court of Justice has fined Poland, finding that judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violate EU law.
Poland refused to pay the fine and its highest court ruled that national law takes precedence over EU rules.
The new German government, sworn in on Wednesday, despite the demands of Poland and the United States, has not made a public commitment to stop the work of Nord Stream 2 in the event of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
US officials have told members of Congress that they have reached an understanding with Germany to shut down the pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior US congressional official said Tuesday.
German officials did not confirm the reports, but Scholz warned on Wednesday of the consequences if Russia violated Ukraine's border, a position confirmed by the G7 on Sunday.
Dmitry, take a closer look.
The view outside the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
The wall between the kitchen and the room was removed, so the second window is partially visible.
In general, those who are not familiar with the initial layout doubt.
And I know such apartments very well and I see perfectly how it was replanned.
May all be well with them.
It always surprises when they write about the means to wash the sink, toilet bowl, window sills, taps.
You wash them once a year at Easter, or something, which you have to wash straight.
Just don't let it get dirty.
Mintsifra wants to give writers residences
The future Fund for the Support of Russian Writers will be handed over by the state federal property inherited from the Union of Writers of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR.
Writers' residences will be created on its basis, the Ministry of Digital Development, which will become the founder of the fund, told "Parliamentskaya Gazeta".
The Ministry of Digital Development is preparing a draft presidential decree on the creation of a Fund for the Support of Russian Writers.
The explanatory note specifies that the fund will be instructed to take care, among other things, of the intended use and preservation of buildings and structures that once belonged to the Soviet Union of Writers and the Lithuanian Fund.
"A significant number of real estate objects that previously belonged to the Literary Fund of the USSR, including objects located in the writers' town of Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo in the Leningrad Region and others, have passed into the ownership of the Russian Federation," the press service of the Ministry of Digital Development told Parliamentary Gazeta.
The draft decree prescribes to reflect in the Foundation's charter that it "is being created in order to promote literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers."
"By "creating conditions for creative activity" is meant the creation of writers' residences on the basis of transferred property in different regions of Russia, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creativity," the Ministry of Digital Development explained to our publication.
520 rubles for one cut tomato?
A cheese cake is literally a layer of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a beaker for 570...
No, it looks, of course, delicious, but the price is simply inadequate.
On Belorusskaya, apparently, solid rich people gathered.
Doctors warn of the dangers of long-term use of blood-thinning drugs after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned about the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after contracting the COVID-19 coronavirus infection and before being vaccinated against the coronavirus.
Therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that self-prevention of the possible formation of blood clots after COVID-19 can provoke a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-thinning drugs are not for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in the hospital, he had complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning drugs that prevent excessive blood clots) according to indications.
She said that now obscurantism is happening - everyone is drinking anticoagulants for a long time and getting complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (brain hemorrhage) against this background.
Chief prophylactologist of the Ural Federal District, scientific director of the Society of Preventive Medicine Specialists, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, in an interview with URA.RU, said that Russians now often use anticoagulants indiscriminately before vaccination against coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe dubious advice on the Internet and begin to self-medicate.
There are such citizens who, a week before vaccination, by their own decision, begin to take anticoagulants.
And during a preliminary examination before vaccination, doctors notice bruising.
He stressed that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without finding out the cause of any symptom.
Potato called a superfood to protect against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and affordable vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing diseases of the cardiovascular system.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and microelements that contribute to the functioning of internal organs.
It helps with heart disease by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol levels, Semana reports.
Today, heart disease is the leading cause of early human death.
To improve the situation, you need not only to be treated, but also to eat properly.
One of the assistants in this situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to scientists, this root crop contains a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and there is also vitamin C, which is very important for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
Trace elements help to work effectively all the internal systems of the body.
Among other things, the root crop fights natural age-related disorders in the body, contains a lot of fiber that is useful for the gastrointestinal tract.
With regular consumption, it can become the prevention of atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A lady came to see the apartment.
I came from another city to show it.
The ad included detailed photos and a description of the apartment.
She was extremely dissatisfied, because there was no "chic" kitchen and "chic" balcony.
Aunt, you see, has nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, and people waste their time.
About 145 thousand teenagers were vaccinated with the first component of COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information on the vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and lactating women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, Kazinform reports with reference to the International Exhibition Commission for the non-proliferation of COVID-19.
20 people died from coronavirus and pneumonia per day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely serious condition - Ministry of Health of the Republic of Kazakhstan
As of December 11, 2021, 181,037 people were vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine, 14,580 people were vaccinated with the second component.
Of these, the first dose: adolescents - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, lactating women - 25,779.
Second dose: adolescents - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, lactating women - 2,749.
Plumber who found money in church wall will be paid $20,000
A plumber who found money in a church wall in the US state of Texas will be paid a reward.
This was reported in a press release from the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident took place at Lakewood, a large evangelical church where Pastor Joel Austin preaches, promising that devout Christians will find wealth and prosperity.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cowley was repairing one of the church's restrooms and found thousands of bags of money and checks under the insulation.
He gave the find to the church and, according to him, did not even receive gratitude from Austin.
"I wanted to hear him say, "You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could have done," KPRC-TV quoted him as saying.
Apparently, the find is related to the theft that took place in Lakewood Church seven years ago.
Then about 200 thousand dollars in cash and 400 thousand dollars in the form of checks, which were kept in a church safe, disappeared.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer any losses.
Nevertheless, a reward of 25 thousand dollars was announced for information about the criminals.
Justin Cowley could not claim this amount as the award had already expired.
Despite this, Crime Stoppers of Houston, a non-profit organization that donated $5,000 for the award and later received another $20,000 as a gift from Lakewood Church, decided to reward the plumber's honesty.
He will receive 20 thousand dollars.
Earlier it was reported that the police questioned Pastor Joel Austin about the money found in the wall of Lakewood Church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is her characteristic "as a real person."
Therefore, the attitude towards her is so negative.
And it's not that "she is financially much richer than all the hacks," as they write here.
There are richer people, but not everyone behaves so impudently, so defiantly, as this madam.
Mattress Promteks-Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190x190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
It is based on the TFK block (256 springs per square meter).
Springs independent of each other contribute to the correct distribution of the load.
Coconut coir (material from coconut palm fibers) is used as a filler.
Felt layers are placed between the filler and the spring block.
Both sides of the mattress are above average firmness.
Removable cover Jacquard Sense: 5% cotton, 95% polyester.
Fabric density - 116 g/m2.
Again, simple and delicious.
I was looking for chicken recipes on your page.
They gave us a chicken.
It was grown on our farm by our friends.
She weighs more than four kilograms.
I would like to cook it better.
I want to find a recipe for chicken pieces baked in beer.
Have you tried this?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes "from the Internet."
China reports new case of human infection with avian influenza virus
A new case of human infection with the highly pathogenic H5N6 avian influenza virus has been reported in China.
This was reported by the RTHK radio station, citing a notification from the Hong Kong health authorities, TASS reports.
The infection infected a 68-year-old resident of the Huizhou urban district in the southern province of Guangdong, who kept poultry on the farm.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The world's first human infection with a strain of the H5N6 virus was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
Brazil requires citizens to show vaccination passports when entering the country
In Brazil, they were obliged to require covid passports from those entering the territory of the state, the corresponding decision was made by the judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF) Luis Roberto Barroso.
It is reported by CNN Brasil.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempted from presenting a vaccination certificate.
Also on the list of exceptions are people who have arrived from countries where the absence of a vaccine has been proven.
"The situation is even more serious when you consider that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year's Eve, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which implies an increase in tourist traffic," Barroso said.
Earlier, the Brazilian authorities ordered tourists who were not vaccinated against coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
Total protection scheme against COVID-19 revealed
Virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honored Scientist of Russia Anatoly Altshtein, in an interview with Ura.ru, revealed a scheme for complete protection against coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by injecting and using a nasal vaccine.
With intranasal application, immunoglobulins A are formed in large quantities. This does not happen when the vaccine is administered by injection.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside, after vaccination, we produce the most immunoglobulin G (antibodies).
And if you give both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But there is no decision on double vaccination yet," the doctor said.
The chief prophylactologist of the Ural Federal District, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, in turn, said that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination together with injection is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this would help in that in such a case, the protection of the body, presumably, should become maximum.
Earlier, the Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod Region, David Melik-Guseinov, said that the spread of a new coronavirus infection among children would lead to a new surge in the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to him, this is exactly the picture that is observed in other countries, where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked to a male (he died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, feeding, affection, love and games for a bitch in heat, then go ahead.
But the dog was trained and generally smart.
He chose my company and went home.
In the video, a method that works in 90% of cases.
Not taken from the ceiling, believe me.
I slowed down many owners so that they would not run after the dog, although they lamented that 200 thousand were running away (Pomsky), I took it straight by the hand and led me away in the other direction.
As a result, "200 thousand" chose the owner, not the dog that ran somewhere there.
Mass protests by opponents of vaccination continue in Europe
In the Austrian capital of Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and plans of the authorities to make vaccination against covid mandatory.
From February next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
The Spaniards, outraged by the health policy of the authorities, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some were holding signs saying "This is a fake pandemic," "I will not be vaccinated."
A major protest against health passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the Autonomous Community, a covid certificate is required to access bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and nightlife venues.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was taken by the authorities of a number of regions of the country against the backdrop of an increase in the number of cases of coronavirus infection.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then turned into clashes with law enforcement officers.
A group of demonstrators began to throw stones at the police.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nikolai S., even in Wikipedia there is no consensus on this matter.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also designated as "the first Russian doctor, doctor of medicine," probably because she started studying earlier.
Let's just not argue, I think they both deserve this title.
I agree with Zakharova with only one thing: the Americans brought only death and plunder to any country, wherever they appeared.
Mattress Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut coir on a spring block TFK.
The mattress is hard, framed on both sides with layers of natural coconut.
At the heart of the mattress is a block of independent TFK springs.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load, help the body to take a natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
Cover made of natural jacquard - dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to the touch.
It's bad and sad to grow old alone, but it's inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad when you read about it.
A person should live as long as he can serve himself and not be a burden to anyone.
All health.
WHO has discovered "omicron" in six dozen countries
The World Health Organization (WHO) has said that a new strain of coronavirus "omicron" has already been detected in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already saying that the spread of the new strain could be disastrous.
The rate of spread of the strain was reported in a WHO report.
According to the organization, as of December 9, the strain has already been detected in 63 countries, in all six WHO regions.
This is despite the fact that it began to actively spread only from the end of November.
WHO also expresses concern about the high rate of spread of a new variant of the coronavirus.
WHO experts express concern that the new strain, according to preliminary data, may bypass the Delta strain, aka the Indian variant of the coronavirus, which is now leading in all absolutely countries without exception, in terms of spread.
Prior to this, the Director General of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said that the omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in the UK.
Experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that Omicron will replace Delta in the coming months.
And the number of cases in Britain alone will be about 1 million. This is despite the fact that several hundred people are officially sick in the Kingdom at the moment, and according to estimates, up to 10 thousand.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the Omicron strain, and at its peak, more than 2,000 people will be taken to hospitals every day.
What the British health care system will not be able to cope with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that, according to recent studies, the effectiveness of the vaccine from Pfizer-BioNTech against the Omicron strain is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
It is not yet known how the Russian Sputnik V reacts to Omicron - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has just started testing the Russian vaccine on the Omicron strain.
Why do we need to see the stages of aging?
It would be better to SEE the performance of your exercises in more detail.
It is not clear in the first exercise how to do it: sitting on your heels or kneeling, as it is written, but how then to rest your hands on your hips?
Or arms around your waist?
Curious Squirrel, you are right, communication on the Internet is completely different, they communicate easily and unforcedly, and there is nothing to say in person.
Yes, and to see a person live, maybe this is not what you expected, it didn't hook you - hence the attitude.
When he meets his man, then his views will change.
And again, the Soviet time is called the "time of demons."
Yes, then people believed in God much more honestly than today.
Yes, and they were brought up practically according to God's laws (love for one's neighbor, do not steal, etc.).
What ideology today is money at any cost.
Talkers like Globa have little faith (yes, it doesn't exist at all), but even so, the time of demons came in the 90s...
Our St. Petersburg, or rather Leningrad, communal office with Bolshaya Zelenina still maintains communication.
Of course, we are not the closest friends, but we try to maintain the warmth of relations between the older generation.
Maybe this is due to the fact that there were no visitors in the apartment, the rooms were not rented out, and no one canceled the blockade brotherhood.
Unfortunately, we see each other more and more often at funerals.
Lara Angelskaya, come on!
Human cubs, especially males, strong, mobile, energetic, rage, push, fight, fight, just like their little "brothers" in wildlife!
It's just a pity that they're not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches are a common thing, and not a boomerang!
Yes, and for what?
Brother pushed, not calculating the strength?
Are you always just so dexterous that you never accidentally hit anyone and never injured yourself?
Mattress SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm.
Mattress with a spring block Bonnel Wave Space BS (Veyv Space BES) has a moderate rigidity on both sides.
The comfortable layers of the mattress are a combination of coconut slab and artificial latex with a relief surface - ErgoFoam.
The cover of the product is cotton, made of jacquard weaving fabric.
It is durable, resistant to wear, at the same time it passes air well without interfering with the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is quilted on synthetic winterizer, this gives it softness.
Practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coconut coir has antimicrobial properties, it is tough, evenly distributes the weight falling on it.
Artificial latex with a cellular cut surface provides the mattress with a micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
The Bonnel block, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it can withstand heavy loads, it is well suited to pairs with a small difference in weight.
Along the perimeter, the product is reinforced with a polyurethane foam box - it prolongs the life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennet announces the start of vaccination in schools
The Israeli Ministry of Health is starting an emergency program on Sunday to increase vaccinations.
Since the morning of December 12, vaccination against coronavirus has been carried out in schools throughout Israel.
Jewish Prime Minister Naftali Bennet at today's cabinet meeting said that the issue of vaccinating the fourth dose of citizens at risk will also be studied.
In Israel, mass vaccination of the population against the coronavirus infection COVID-19 began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are vaccinated with Pfizer.
From January 10 last year, the vaccinated began to receive a second dose.
Vaccination of adolescents 12-15 years old in this country started in early June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of the vaccine, the third - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gauer, well, probably, the tick won't crawl into the trap, it's SPIDER-LIKE, as Lyalya put it.
In any case, I do not see a tick.
But I'm curious, but suddenly there is?
We need to throw something else to him, for the temptation
Children's mattress Dimax Genius 70x190
Children's double-sided mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut coir based on an independent spring block EVS500.
Children's springless mattress made of latex and coconut on an independent spring block.
Natural latex is a soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep as comfortable as possible.
On the reverse side, a mattress of medium hardness, comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
At the heart of the mattress is a block of independent springs.
Springs distribute the load as precisely and evenly as possible on the surface of the mattress, supporting the body in a natural position.
Great option for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
The material is durable, wear-resistant, not subject to abrasion.
Showers kill seven people in Brazil
At least seven people were killed and 175 injured as a result of heavy rains that hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas Gerais.
It is reported in TASS with reference to the rescue services.
An extratropical cyclone has been raging on the border of these states since the middle of the week, as a result of which the level of precipitation in the region reached 450 mm. A state of emergency has been declared in 25 municipalities in the state of Bahia, with floods in some of them the most destructive in 35 years.
The elements destroyed several bridges, two river dams, traffic was blocked on three routes.
According to rescuers, about 5.7 thousand people were left homeless, another 6.7 thousand were forced to leave their homes.
Damage from the disaster affected more than 85 thousand residents of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol ointment, I work with medicines.
It relieves inflammation well.
Personally, I like Bepanten more for the regeneration of superficial wounds and abrasions, but you know better on the spot what is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is going on, there was such a hole, just chew.
Hola, España, you did not hear me and did not understand me.
I will answer with the lines of M. Isakovsky: "Migratory birds are flying\nTo look for the bygone summer.\n
They fly to hot countries,\nBut I don't want to fly away,\nBut I stay with you,\nMy dear side!\n
I don't need someone else's sun,\nI don't need someone else's land."
And believe me, photos from the park where I skied, or from my city, will be just as good.
By the way, it would be much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Wax crayons MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 colors, twistable, plastic. case.
A set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a retractable nib.
Do not crumble, do not stain the handles, absolutely safe.
Do not require sharpening.
Housing made of high quality durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: zipper bag.
$135 billion went into applications - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending on apps grew by 25% globally and downloads grew by 8%.
Various video services turned out to be the most popular in the world.
Users downloaded the CapCut video editor the most and spent the most on YouTube.
Both the number of app downloads and user spending in them showed a significant increase in the period from January to November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. Spending by users in applications increased even more significantly: by 25%, to a record $135 billion.
Such data was published by the analytical company App Annie, which presented a report on the mobile application market in 2021.
In 2021, the global economy emerged from lockdown and began a post-pandemic recovery.
"Will such a "return to the physical" slow down the growth of the application economy? Not at all," the authors of the report said.
India has become the leader in the number of app downloads, accounting for about 20% of all downloads.
It is followed by the USA (9%) and Brazil (8%).
iOS gadget users, as before, spent more than Android users: iOS accounted for 65% of all in-app spending.
Among the applications, the CapCut video editor took the first place in terms of the number of downloads in 2021.
It is followed by two Indian apps: MX TakaTak video service and Meesho online trading app.
The top 10 in terms of the number of downloads also includes Telegram.
In general, judging by the number of downloads, VPN services are popular among users (there are two of them in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to the creation and broadcasting of videos (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak, the top 10 also includes two such services - Moj and SnackVideo).
"Users spent the most on live and online streaming apps," the authors of the report note.
YouTube leads the way here, while TikTok video service, streaming video services Disney+ and HBO Max, and Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma are also in the top 5 in terms of user spending.
The first places in terms of the number of monthly active users are occupied by Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok, the top 5 is closed by the mobile version of Microsoft Office.
In Russia, the AliExpress shopping app turned out to be the leader in terms of the number of downloads per year.
It is followed by the Zenly service, which shows the location of friends, and still the same CapCut.
The top 10 apps also include StarMaker online karaoke, Shein online clothing retailer, Maps for Minecraft PE app, DiDi online taxi service, Pure Tuber YouTube client, Dixy retailer app, and Samokat online store.
All over the world, people have adapted to the pandemic through the transition to mobile life, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The industries that have made the greatest strides have been in helping people connect both virtually and in person," said Lexi Sidow, Head of Market Research at App Annie.
The revenue of the mobile games sector in 2021 reached $90 billion. The leaders in the number of downloads were casual and hyper-casual games in which there is little or no plot, and video design is minimal.
The top 3 most played games in the world are Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia, the leading games are DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends for the next year, analysts of the company named the increase in the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growth in popularity of financial applications among Generation Z, such as the application for investors Robinhood, as well as the further increase in the popularity of metaversive mobile games.
Treat Clan De File for dogs with beef, 30 pcs. by 40
Natural dried beef treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Clan De File - meat fillet for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
Natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
In cooking, only one type of protein is used - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, which means that the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the delicacy is meat fillet, processed in accordance with the quality standards that are used in the preparation of food for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily ration: no more than 10% of the daily ration of an adult animal.
Energy value: 407 kcal.
Ingredients: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians warned about a new scheme of scammers
Attackers began to look for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
Izvestia writes about it with reference to experts.
According to Zaur Abutalimov, director of products at Ivideon, deepfakes are the main danger associated with the spread of video communication tools.
In this case, the scammers create a fake video based on real recordings of the victim.
Thanks to this, the neural network manages to accurately reproduce the behavioral characteristics of a person.
Abutalimov added that using a deepfake, attackers can call the victim's acquaintances via video link or create a video with a copy of a person to send out with the aim of blackmail.
"Such fakes can easily provoke bullying, since a savvy attacker can put people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scripts," the expert said.
Leading system engineer Varonis Alexander Vetkol, in turn, noted that psychologically people trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this could create specific risks when it comes to video technologies.
David, I will add.
In what I wrote above, I emphasized that I bought all this in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow much makeup and walking in short skirts, showing stockings and tights with legs.
This is a province, but there WAS such a product in the store.
In big cities, Muslim women dyed and showed their beaches.
So it is in Dushanbe, it is a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are many fashionistas, but there is no the same cosmetics.
Here are five things you can do to help avoid diabetes
Blood sugar problems are among the most common in the world.
However, some do not attach much importance to this, and in vain.
Diabetes can eventually lead to serious complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a major role in preventing the formation of diseases.
Thus, doctors recommend changing the drinking regime - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to plain water have a positive effect on metabolism.
Sugary foods raise blood sugar levels to dangerous levels when consumed in excess.
Therefore, the first step towards a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and store them at home.
The appearance of the disease is affected not only by malnutrition, but also by habits.
To reduce the risk of diabetes, you need to move a lot.
Experts recommend sticking to a low-carbohydrate diet.
Such a diet will not only help reduce weight, but also protect against sudden fluctuations in sugar levels.
To protect against diabetes, you need to eat a lot of fiber.
Dietary fiber fills the stomach and thus contributes to a feeling of satiety, the release of digestive juices and increased absorption of food.
Tomato seeds GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, article No. 4241014.
Low-growing early beef tomato with abundant fruiting for cultivation in open ground and under temporary film shelters.
The plant is determinate, with short internodes.
The fruits are large, saturated pink, rather dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by leaves, well stored.
The pulp is juicy, with a sugary taste.
The hybrid is resistant to a complex of diseases.
Recommended for salads, appetizers and slicing.
Sowing for seedlings: in late March - early April.
Pick - in the phase of the first real leaf.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After planting in open ground, the plants are formed and tied up.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has class A energy efficiency, which allows you to consume noticeably less electricity during operation.
The freezer is perfect for both a private house and an apartment thanks to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and excellent noise insulation.
the camera works no louder than a regular refrigerator.
The quick freeze function freezes food in the shortest possible time, while retaining the maximum amount of nutrients.
Chest freezer Slavda FC-160 corresponds to the N/ST climate class, which allows it to work without problems at room temperatures up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova spoke about the "weekend migraine" among workaholics
Several factors can lead to a worsening of well-being on weekends
The reason for the deterioration of well-being after working days is often "weekend migraine," said a well-known endocrinologist, Ph.D. in medical sciences, senior researcher at the Faculty of Basic Medicine of Moscow State University, scientific director of the System Medicine Clinic, Zuhra Pavlova, in her Telegram channel.
According to her, workaholics especially often suffer from this, who have a headache, weakness and weakness on weekends.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to the fatigue accumulated over the week, there are quite a few objective reasons for the negative reaction of the body to changing conditions.
Weekends change our lives.
"We sleep for a long time, we lie on the couch all day, most likely we eat more and drink less," the doctor argued.
Due to overeating and lack of water - heaviness and weakness."
An additional role is played by a late rise.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, then there will be a reaction called jet lag.
It occurs in travelers who cross multiple time zones.
To determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of well-being, Pavlova recommended to trace what changes the most on weekends.
Mattress Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185.
The reinforced perimeter of high-density foam significantly increases the life of the mattress.
Mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of firmness, the total height of the mattress is 23 cm.
The maximum allowable load per bed is up to 140 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is in a separate fabric pocket, which allows you to properly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt is added to separate the fillings of the mattress and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 2 cm thick, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
Cotton jacquard quilted with 2cm faux latex and 1cm Hollcon for added comfort.
On the other side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 1 cm thick and a layer of felt is used.
The fabric is treated with special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, does not allow microorganisms, dust mites and microbes to develop.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of layers.
South African scientists say Pfizer's Omicron vaccine is ineffective
In South Africa, they announced the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
Scientists from the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus infection.
It (the level of neutralization of "omicron") is estimated to correspond to a (level of) vaccine efficacy of 22.5% against a symptomatic infection, which ... casts doubt on the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection, says the text of the study, published on the portal MedRxiv.
At the same time, experts specified that the drug can save from the severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of coronavirus could cause a new wave of pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in common foods?
Sugar is not the best source of beneficial nutrients.
Its excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cause cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should be aware that under an unfamiliar word in the composition of the product, hidden sugar may be indicated - an ingredient similar to sugar in terms of calorie content, composition and glycemic index.
The label may contain several dozen names, in fact, denoting sugar.
Some of the most common and frequently encountered names are glucose and fructose.
There may also be other hidden sugars such as dextrose (corn-derived sugar), levulose (fruit sugar), molasses (black molasses), agave syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be found not only in confectionery, but also in ketchup, doctor's sausage, bread, etc.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce your sugar intake is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, and pay attention to the label and the many different names for sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but whatever the name of the ingredient in the composition of the product - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it is still sugar.
Calculating the exact amount of sugar is not easy, since it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the package, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total amount of sugar may be significantly higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: gas will lose importance for Germany in 25 years
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that gas imports are losing importance for Germany as the country continues its transition to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, by 2045 Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal, becoming a climate neutral country.
"That is, in 25 years the world will be such that the issue of transporting gas to Germany and Europe will play a different role," the Chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany remains committed to Ukraine transporting Russian natural gas in the future, as this resource is currently important for the energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States made a statement in which Berlin supported the energy transformation of Ukraine.
Earlier, German Foreign Minister Annalena Berbock said that the process of certification of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline is ongoing.
According to the minister, within the framework of the coalition negotiations and the discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that European energy law should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline still "does not comply with the requirements" of the European Union.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
A year in 1985 had to travel to those parts.
I remember the CMEZ very well, rising from Kanatchikovo station uphill, past an old building (similar to a centralization post, two-story), along Kanatchikovsky passage, and turning right onto Vavilov Street, to the factory gate...
Hackers hacked Indian Prime Minister's Twitter
Hackers hacked the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The attackers managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India allegedly recognized bitcoin as legal tender, and also that the country had already purchased cryptocurrency.
In the office, Modi was asked to ignore new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter reacted quickly - access to the account was restored.
The page of the Prime Minister of India was already hacked in 2020 and called for donations to the fund using cryptocurrency.
Majority voted against independence in New Caledonia referendum
In New Caledonia, the third referendum, held on 12 December, ended with the same result as the previous two.
According to the first partial results announced on Sunday, December 12, at noon, the majority of New Caledonians voted against the independence of their territory during the referendum.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the previous two.
According to preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) of those who voted were in favor of New Caledonia's independence from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted against.
The turnout was 43.90%, in total, more than 80 thousand residents of New Caledonia took part in the elections.
As France-Presse commented on these interim results, "the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt," as independence supporters urged voters not to vote.
Being the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that the new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic in the archipelago prevents a full and "honest" election campaign.
This non-participation thus paved the way for a third victory for the supporters of French New Caledonia, following the referendums held in November 2018 and October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, in 2020 - 53.3%.
The separatists said they do not recognize the results of the last vote and will challenge them at the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, at the Elysee Palace, French President Emmanuel Macron is due to speak on the results of this referendum.
The topic of New Caledonian independence has in many ways revitalized the last weeks of the presidential campaign in France.
Several presidential candidates have spoken out in favor of the territory remaining part of France, as it is "the last region of the European Union's presence in the Pacific."
"New Caledonia must necessarily remain French," Eric Zemmour repeatedly repeated.
Republican candidate Valerie Pecresse, who published an op-ed in Le Figaro in late October urging Caledonians to remain French, made the same statement.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take the position "because it is not his responsibility."
However, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "strong desire that the choice of the Caledonians be the choice of France."
Light, oh hello!
I'm a little ... a little rude to you, still embarrassing, ashamed.
Thanks for sticking with my channel.
On the subject: I am not an artist, I love to draw, but it turns out to be an inspired daub.
But as an artist - not an artist at all: what would change here?
Just do not forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as common as it is now.
But medicine was at zero - leeches, garlic and decoctions.
Now they would put them on their feet in an instant.
And the food is completely useless.
Turkey tests world's first laser-powered drone
Turkey has successfully tested the world's first drone with a laser weapon.
UAV "Eren" was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 m, according to "MIR24."
The device is capable of neutralizing explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum flight altitude of the novelty reaches 3 thousand meters.
After passing the relevant tests, the UAV should enter service with the Turkish military, which will use it to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of sappers.
The agency emphasizes that Turkey is among six countries in the world capable of developing and producing its own drones.
I cut salmon into steaks.
Salt, sugar, black peppercorns and sweet peas.
Sometimes I added cloves, it does not interfere.
In a deep cup, covered with a saucer on top.
Well, as if that's all.
And why do I need this salmon, for such money it is not known what kind, salmon is an excellent fish.
Bread, butter, salmon.
Acorn sandwich.
WSJ Readers Criticize Article on Russia-U.S. Relations
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized the article by Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the article expressed concern that the West is allegedly sacrificing Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow, and made a number of offensive remarks about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the end, Hartwell called on the Western countries to "show a united front against Russia."
WSJ readers expressed their disagreement with the position of the American professor.
"This article contains quite a lot of false information," RIA Novosti quotes a comment from one of the readers.
"Europe is not ours to be 'lost', and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never enter into a nuclear war with Russia for the sake of Ukraine," another said.
Patches can also be applied to the lips.
The hydrogel used in the Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorption and transfer of highly concentrated natural plant essence to the skin, adheres tightly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
When transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the accompanying moisture loss and forces the essence to penetrate into the deep layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with remote control Nores
Luminaire 2085/EL series NORES consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic diffuser.
The material of the diffuser is high-quality white matt acrylic, which provides the luminaire with uniform dispersion and good light transmission.
Shade shape: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots, giving the included lamp a beautiful effect of "starry twinkling" and transfusion.
The degree of protection IP43 allows the use of the luminaire in certain areas of wet rooms.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, 72 W, which corresponds to a 520 W incandescent lamp.
As well as a remote control, with the help of which a smooth change in color temperature of 3000-6000K, a change in brightness, a transition to a switching mode of warm/white/cold/night light is carried out.
Uriage Moisturizing thermal night face mask 50 ml.
Ultra-moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rested and radiant skin in the morning!
A real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tones, smoothes the skin texture and restores the skin barrier.
Very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
Great skin care product after active exposure to the sun!
Hypoallergenic.
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred in the Kuril Islands
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 231.8 km northeast of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
The source lay at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier, seismologists recorded an earthquake of magnitude 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to break into the people, then it is not known where his petty-bourgeois thinking would have gone.
It's good when you come to America as a famous person.
And if you were born there, it is not known what you would fight for.
So in vain he poured mud, bile and poison on the system, which no one has come up with more justly.
Ukraine will start producing jet drones of a new generation
The new Ukrainian-Turkish plant will begin to create jet unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) of the ANKA type.
This was announced on December 11 by Aleksey Arestovich, a freelance adviser to the head of the office of the Ukrainian president.
That is, they are able to act against air targets, against other drones.
Even against manned aircraft.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of Turkish avionics: a hull and the like," Dialog.ua quoted him as saying.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA devices, Arestovich said that we are talking about jet, not piston UAVs.
According to him, this is a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceed it "in all characteristics."
The first batch of UAVs should be produced by the plant at the end of next year, Arestovich concluded.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the drone has been carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
The day before, the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems in the course of military operations of the joint forces in Donbass.
On December 6, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced that the construction of a plant for the production of modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense concluded an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kyiv region, which will train personnel, as well as test and maintain Turkish Bayraktar UAVs.
The press service of the office of the Ukrainian leader called this memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from a container at the airport
Lions have escaped at Singapore's Changi airport.
It is reported by The Straits Times.
Two predators managed to get out of a container with seven lions, which arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were going.
One of the runaway lions lay down on the roof of the container.
The animals could not move away from him because of the protective net installed nearby.
The confrontation ended after the arrival at the airport of employees of the Mandai Wildlife Group, which is in charge of all Singapore's zoos.
They immobilized the lions with tranquilizer darts and plan to take them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, a lion escaped from the owner and walked around the streets of the city.
On the same day, the beast voluntarily returned home, people were not injured.
Experts warn of the threat of cancer due to vitamin B9
Research suggests that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
This was warned by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people who are not deficient in folic acid are less likely to get certain types of cancer, in particular colorectal.
However, exceeding the required dose, on the contrary, promotes the growth of cancer cells.
Professor Beth Kitchin of the University of Alabama at Birmingham, nutritionist, advises keeping an eye on the amount of folic acid consumed during the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only if there is a significant deviation from this figure, up or down.
Kitchin recommends not taking vitamin B9 tablets without a doctor's recommendation, be sure to monitor your dosage, and avoid cereals with milk and other foods that contain folic acid.
Earlier, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Because it is found in avocados, among other things, Fine recommended that men over 50 eat the fruit more often.
In the UK, by April, about 75 thousand people could die due to the omicron strain
Forecasts by British scientists show that up to 75,000 people could die in England in the next five months due to the spread of the omicron strain of coronavirus, if restrictive measures are not tightened in winter.
This was reported by The Guardian newspaper, citing a study by experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), TASS reports.
According to the most optimistic forecast of specialists who are part of the scientific advisory group for emergencies under the British Cabinet, by April 2022, at least 25 thousand deaths due to the omicron strain will be recorded in the country, and about 175 thousand patients will be hospitalized.
At the same time, at the peak of the incidence, hospitals will receive more than 2 thousand infected people daily.
"Serious measures to combat the coronavirus may be needed to prevent the National Health Service from being overwhelmed if the omicron strain is found to be more contagious than the delta variant, and current vaccines cannot eliminate infections," said LSHTM mathematician Roseanne Barnard.
Earlier, the UK Health Security Agency informed that if the rate of spread of the omicron strain remains at its current level, then by the end of the year, about 1 million cases of infection will be detected in the country.
At the same time, by mid-December, the Omicron strain may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
At the moment, 1898 cases of infection with the omicron strain of coronavirus have been detected in the UK, of which 633 were detected in the last day.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sajid Javid, indicated that in reality this figure could already reach 10 thousand cases.
I wanted to write some clever comment, but I read this far:
"A fur coat obtained as a result of the incredible suffering of an unfortunate animal and its employment in a second job."
And fell under the table!
It turns out that the "unfortunate animal" is the husband, and I thought that it was a chinchilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Kray, judging by the dislikes, your thoughts are not very accessible to the majority.
What did you mean - that those who are on Instagram are pretending, or do they definitely have time for everything, because there is no need to pretend to them?
SZ is like a clothing stock, everything that did not sell at one time ends up here.
If you set a goal and dig well, then among the trash you can find something worthwhile.
You just need to be patient and clearly understand what you are looking for.
The demand for superyachts has grown by a quarter in the world
Superyacht builds this year and bookings for next year are breaking global records despite calls to reduce their carbon footprint and fight climate change.
In the world ship registry, the number of ordered yachts was 1,200 units - a quarter more than last year.
In an era of fighting the effects of climate change to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, it is hard to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for a $50 million or more floating fortress will not decrease, writes The Guardian.
However, there are more and more of them.
This year, 25% more ships were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokers say that there has not been such a rush in the market for 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht fear contagion on land and prefer to escape the pandemic aboard their own ship.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If earlier all these people went to the office and met with business partners in person, now the vast majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are carried out by zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards are taking orders for new yachts for 2025 and beyond.
This means that customers are willing to pay more if their yacht is ready at least a year or two earlier.
"People just want freedom, and the super-rich could afford it," he says.
In Western society, many criticize this behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, sociologists say, do not want to understand that in times of hardship, traveling into space, living on yachts or flying in their own planes cause social irritation because the elite do not want to share the responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are calling on governments to take action and are proposing new taxes and regulations for the super-rich, even though they understand that with such money mobility, it will be extremely difficult to implement.
Meanwhile, only the number of ordered super-yachts is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1,200 vessels, 27 have a stern length of more than 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke builds the 183-meter REV Ocean yacht.
Once launched, it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a "lunar pool" as well as a submarine designed to explore the depths of the sea.
Helicopter pads, open-air cinemas have become common on existing superyachts, and martial arts platforms have become commonplace on some of them, like wrestler McGregor's yacht. Richard Wilk, professor of economic anthropology at the American University of Indiana, says that compared to the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions, the carbon footprint produced by the super-rich is negligible.
But it has a symbolic meaning, given that there are just over 2,000 multibillionaires in the world.
This is just another example of overconsumption by a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emission footprint of billionaires is thousands of times larger than the footprint of the average inhabitant of the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, then the world's biggest polluter, Roman Abramovich, is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two-thirds of the emission trail landed on his 162.5 meter long Eclipse yacht.
Even if the owner is not on board the yacht, the team continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the command to drive the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners don't get the sympathy of others when, like Australia's richest woman, Gina Reinhard, who owns mines on the continent, they complain via YouTube that there is no place for their giant ships to dock.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for ships over 50 meters.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol leading to the development of bowel cancer has been determined
American scientists have determined how much alcohol per week increases the risk of developing cancer.
This is written by the Daily Express.
Experts concluded that drinking four or more servings of alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of developing oncology.
At the same time, the likelihood of developing the disease increases with an increase in the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, men who drink moderately have a higher risk of bowel cancer than women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact cause of the development of this type of oncology, noting only that certain factors lead to a process that is harmful to the body.
Thanks to the author for a decent material and photo.
Sergey, I see nothing wrong with selfishness and pride.
Just like you, you do not see selfishness and pride in a man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to charge her with expenses and responsibility, and to enjoy the title of father at a safe distance.
Why do they work in the ministry, they belong in the circus.
I understand that everything should have been on a royal scale, but the model is very hypertrophied.
It is hard to even imagine how poor Diana was stuffed into a carriage, and indeed any movement.
I was 12 years old and I remember watching the ceremony on TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful puffy dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I changed my mind about being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many, or rather all dog lovers are sure that these creatures are very smart.
But even they do not realize how developed four-legged pets are actually.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out for sure how intelligence is developed in animals.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, a new study proves that a dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The works of scientists were published in Sciencealert.
Dogs cannot play chess or compose poetry, they do not understand anything about politics, economics and art, meanwhile they often manage to fool their owners.
Representatives of some breeds, experts say, show the best results in understanding the words of the human language, but there are still not enough statistical data for accurate conclusions.
So, some breeds are traditionally considered canine geniuses - for example, Labradors.
Scientists have come to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and in terms of learning ability are not inferior to a two-year-old child.
Mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
Mattress on an independent spring block TFK with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent TFK block.
This is a reliable modern design of 512 independent springs per bed.
Each spring is in a separate bag and has no effect on the neighboring ones.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person assumes a natural form during sleep.
The springs are insulated from the upper layers with thermal felt for strength.
On top of the felt are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and excellent properties.
One side is complemented by a thin layer of natural seven-zone latex.
This natural filler has 7 comfort zones, contributes to the perception of a person's weight, and has a slight massage effect.
The Antistress cover is made of velour quilted at 250 g hallcon per sq. meter.
It is pleasant to the touch and externally, has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a prime example is Axel's Taumatiht deep-sea anglerfish.
Some of its victims are so great that they cause the death of the anglerfish.
He simply cannot swallow them, and his teeth do not allow him to spit out too much prey back into the water.
If you are indifferent to the fate of your real estate in the amount of four objects, then why did you decide that your objects are of interest to someone and he will take care of them?
Today, the law fully allows you to manage your property.
Manage yourself if you don't like how others do it.
In Ukraine, prepared for the bargaining of the United States and Russia
The United States and Russia will "bargain" over Ukraine's accession to NATO, analyst Oleksandr Kochetkov said in his article for Glavred.
In his opinion, Washington and Moscow are planning to continue negotiations in the near future on guarantees from the United States that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries "to join anywhere."
If you are offered something obviously unacceptable, well, for example, to sell a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not bargain, but simply send the offerer.
And in relation to Ukraine, bargaining is planned," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks a dialogue with Kyiv.
"Preparation is carried out covertly, quickly and they immediately proceed to offensive actions, and do not wait until the group is discovered and deployed by counter-forces," he said.
China stimulates the development of the railway transport industry
China's advanced technology attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the 2021 China International Rail Transport and Equipment Exhibition held in Zhuzhou City, Hunan Province / Central China /.
Core technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical problems, said company spokesman Hou Zhaowen.
The high-speed trains on the China-Laos railway line, which went into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and operability of the rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased the export of rail vehicles, and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed."
In May this year, CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd rolled off the first Chinese-designed high-speed electric trains for export to Europe.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, the trial operation of the metro train developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey began.
The train will move along the metro line connecting the center of Istanbul with the city's airport.
This metro line will be opened to traffic next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey with a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"China's railway equipment industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness," said Feng Yaoxiang, head of the trade and investment department of the China Committee for the Promotion of International Trade (CCIMT).
"This industry is the main competitive advantage of Chinese high-end equipment manufacturing in the global market," said Feng Yaoxiang.
After more than 60 years of hard work, through a series of independent research and development, China has established an advanced railway equipment manufacturing system, with a complete set of auxiliary facilities and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoxiang, the country ranks first in terms of railway electrification and operating mileage on high-speed and urban railways.
Biologist lists early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin, in an interview with Sputnik radio, listed the early signs of dementia.
According to him, the signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a number of moderate cognitive impairments, such as inability to concentrate, plan, and reduce the level of abstract thinking.
There is currently a discussion that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its occurrence, the specialist said.
Golosheikin emphasized that neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, certain infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins can be the causes of dementia.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and cerebral atherosclerosis are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that today doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
According to him, learning foreign languages and active communication will help reduce the risk of developing dementia.
WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly training cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking
"There are recommendations for the use of various dietary supplements, but their effectiveness and expediency are still being discussed in the scientific community," Golosheikin said.
"The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logic of thinking," Golosheikin said.
Earlier, the UK dementia research charity said the disease is increasingly affecting people over the age of 40.
Doctors called the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first alarming sign can be considered problems with vision, due to which the patient acquires difficulties in recognizing objects.
Another sign of developing dementia, experts called aphasia - a condition when a person cannot find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
Neurologist demanded to send Saakashvili for treatment abroad
Former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili needs neuropsychiatric treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze, who is a member of the council of doctors created under the Georgian Ombudsman, told reporters.
His [Saakashvili's] neurological status is leading in his illness.
Stable problems are problems with movement, coordination, variability of character," the specialist said, noting that this does not go beyond the normative framework and now the ex-president needs to be sent for special rehabilitation.
"We call this neurorehabilitation and psychoneurological rehabilitation, the possibility of which we did not find in Georgia," Toidze said, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution, which is not in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began sabotaging medical care after he was disciplined by prison officials.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to cancel the punishment and restore himself to his former rights.
Alexandra, "Do you also take money for this?" I wonder where such people come from...
it is normal to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we feed on prana?
There is another side of the coin here.
These people are parasites on the body of society.
They do not work, they do not pay taxes, they live on benefits and at the expense of their relatives.
At the same time, they receive full medical care.
How many mouths can a worker feed?
We feed all alcoholics, drug addicts, who also lost their health due to their stupidity.
Then we are surprised at the extension of the retirement age.
These amounts could be spent on the treatment of really sick people.
Of course, the red flag of Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and should not be confused with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it will never be able to be state again.
It's time for the author to tie up with provocative articles, it's time for the Reds to calm down and start living a normal life, not the past.
Spain protests against COVID passports
In the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, protests were held against the mandatory certificate of vaccination against COVID-19, reports Europa Press.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action was approximately 3 thousand people.
In Barcelona, COVID passports have become mandatory to go to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and nightlife venues.
Many demonstrators came to the action without masks.
With slogans on their posters, they accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respect for the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination passports will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
The protesters in this city declared a medical dictatorship, and called vaccination an experiment.
Since the beginning of the pandemic, more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been detected in Spain, more than 88 thousand patients have died.
In Russia, it is also planned to introduce restrictions for the unvaccinated.
The government submitted bills on a unified system of QR codes to the State Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to visit venues for mass events, cultural institutions, catering and retail facilities with the presentation of either a certificate of vaccination or a past disease, or a medical exemption from vaccination.
The same rules will apply to travel by train and plane.
Roaster Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast with glass lid.
Roaster cast with non-stick coating Anthracite TM Tradition.
The cookware is intended for daily use in home conditions.
The exceptional strength and durability of the non-stick coating, equivalent to the resistance of natural stone, is designed specifically for intensive everyday use.
Thick die-cast body.
Five-layer non-stick coating system of the latest generation.
Premium coating reinforced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection against sticking.
It has good non-stick properties for easy and pleasant cooking of healthy meals without oil and fat.
At least 4000 thousand cooking cycles, subject to the rules of operation.
Suitable for all types of hob except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each product is 4 years (subject to the rules of operation, 4 years for the case and 1 year for the non-stick coating).
Free from PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Pots and roasters can be used in the oven without a glass lid.
Ease of washing.
Logically, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and rarely gets sick (once or twice a year with SARS), then his immunity is normal.
In general, doctors do not recommend any immunomodulators for prevention in principle.
Immunity is supported by a healthy diet and regimen plus sports.
Based on this, vaccination against influenza and this covid is meaningless.
Anti-aerosol filter 3M 5925.
Degree of protection FFP2, 2 pcs.
Art. No. 713946.
Replacement filter brand FFP2 for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Provides protection of the user's respiratory tract from various substances in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions where the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used for bacteria/virus protection together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The FFP2 protection class has an MPC value of more than 0.05 mg / cu. m3, at a maximum pollutant concentration of 12 x MPC.
Respirators of this protection class are capable of retaining at least 94% of harmful substances.
Pre-filters are attached to gas filters using a holder 3M 501.
Features: low breathing resistance.
Does not obstruct the view.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Provides compatibility with other PPE required in difficult working conditions.
The bulging eyes of the "constitutional monarch", judging by the network, got not only me.
And this family PR - children, father...
Revva somehow seemed to me no.
He only knew that to harass the Hare - Batrukha and Batrukha.
Well, I found out, I said once, and be silent, let your friend prove himself, that's why they fought.
Steep climb: how the Chinese become skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create international resorts in the country
China hopes that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million people to winter sports, which will raise the 1 trillion yuan designated by President Xi Jinping, but will also contribute to the economic development of backward outlying provinces.
The Taiwu Ski Resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the Winter Olympics, is becoming increasingly popular with the Chinese.
In addition to infrastructure construction, landscaping work is also carried out in the region: workers plant trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
There are problems with snow in many regions of China where resorts are located, including Zhangjiakou.
The main task for the long term is to provide a comfortable and interesting holiday in Chinese resorts, so that all newcomers become regulars.
However, this is still a long way off.
Games advisor Justin Downes says the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition since his last visit in 2007.
Every year more and more Chinese go to the slopes in winter.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
Despite major changes, it will take many more years to create a ski culture here, says Downs.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions have yet to be actively developed and the infrastructure necessary for recreation needs to be created there.
Gao Makong, 70, lives in Chunli, close to the Winter Olympics.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chunli, and now not a single one of the locals suffers without work.
More and more shops selling clothes and equipment for winter sports are opening in the country.
Catering outlets with dishes of national cuisine are opened on the slopes.
Taiwu now even has a COVID-19 testing station.
China aims to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes to become leaders in major international competitions, and its resorts and equipment to reach world-class levels.
More than 500 million people around the world could face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, WHO says
More than 500 million people around the world could be plunged into extreme poverty due to the coronavirus pandemic, which has stalled humanity's progress towards universal health care, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB) have said.
On the occasion of December 12, International Day for Universal Health Coverage, WHO and the World Bank have published two complementary reports.
In them, they stated that the pandemic led to disruptions in the provision of medical services, caused excessive stress in health care systems.
In this regard, for the first time in 10 years, the coverage of the population with immunization has decreased, and mortality from tuberculosis and malaria has increased.
The WHO and World Bank stressed that the pandemic caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, making it harder for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than 500 million people "into extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services out of their own pocket."
In October, UN Secretary-General António Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic had pushed more than 100 million people into poverty, with more than four billion people having little to no social support.
Planer Makita KP0810
Official Makita dealer.
The powerful motor is ideal for folding.
Light weight and excellent balance.
Use of both standard and bilateral mini blades.
Simple quick blade installation system.
New ergonomic body design, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the effect of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped grooves for chamfering of various sizes.
Choice of sawdust removal system: left or right.
Wife, this is meat from a fur-cutter.
The crap is terrible.
We've already had enough of bats and pangolins, we've started on jellyfish.
Oh, how many wonderful discoveries can be prepared for us by moles, praying mantises, some kind of lemmings.
Reuters: Taiwanese minister cut off from 'Democracy Summit' broadcast at White House request
Taiwan's Digital Minister Audrey Tan's panel discussion at the US-sponsored "Summit for Democracy" has been switched to no video mode, YouTube footage of the summit shows.
Reuters, citing sources, claims that the picture was disabled at the request of the White House.
According to them, the reason was the map, on which Taiwan was highlighted in a separate color from China, which considers the island its territory.
The map that Ms. Tang was showing was compiled by the South African NGO CIVICUS and ranked the countries of the world in terms of civil rights.
Taiwan was highlighted in green as "free" and China, North Korea, Laos and Vietnam in red as "closed."
After the minister showed the map, the picture on her side was replaced with a screenshot with the note that the opinions of the panelists "do not necessarily express the position of the US government."
China was not invited to the Democracy Summit.
Reuters sources note that the map shown by the Taiwanese minister could run counter to the "one China" policy pursued by Washington.
One agency source said that after the map was shown, the US National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The Washington-sponsored "Summit for Democracy" was held from December 9 to 10 with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" of the summit, the Nobel Peace Prize winner, editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta Dmitry Muratov called for the creation of an international fund through which money obtained through corruption would be donated to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation Yuri Averyanov said that the summit carried an "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge."
They give you information as if they are preparing food, and there is rotten meat everywhere, in fact, the meat remains with the butcher to the last piece.
Classics of journalism - to create news out of nothing.
They do not boil meat, but horns and hooves, obtaining a substance such as glue.
The finished product looks like a yellow translucent strip, almost odorless and hard, like plastic, it is used as natural gelatin.
In general, harmful substances from waste processing are no less than from its decomposition.
But it saves companies a lot of money.
Therefore, a fairy tale about ecology was invented for suckers, who will also work on garbage collection for free for the idea.
Personally, my contribution to the environment is the refusal to purchase unnecessary and long-term use of things.
If I go beyond - I do not throw it away, but give it to charity.
Football shorts Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016, white/black (XL).
Description: football shorts are perfect for playing football and playing sports.
Shorts have a straight fit.
Wide waistband with adjustable drawstring for a comfortable fit.
The fabric is strong, durable, lightweight and breathable to meet the demands of any level of play.
The updated brand logo is on the left side.
The shorts are packaged in a convenient reusable bag with a zipper.
Stylish appearance, straight fit, wide waistband with drawstring, strong durable fabric, good breathability.
Characteristics.
Crawl into specialties that allow you to work over the Internet.
Many of us get out by the fact that they work for an uncle, but abroad.
But because of the difference in currencies, it is beneficial for us.
Relative to other countries, we are still beggars.
Of course, you will have to learn different crap, but... networking allows you not to depend on the internal labor market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And those that create - yes, you won't earn much on them.
Table set "Egoist-unity" with gilding (4 items).
The "Royal Childhood" collection is one of the widest and most famous collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and pacifiers, drinkers and mugs.
All children's silver appliances undergo strict quality control.
Ecological silver produced directly at the factory, careful manual polishing with cotton rollers make the products absolutely safe for the child.
Due to the disinfectant function of silver, regular use of silver appliances can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some of the typical childhood illnesses.
The factory specialists received a grant for the use of a complex but very beautiful guilloche technique, which was used by the famous Carl Faberge.
This made it possible to create surprisingly bright and voluminous images on products.
The collection is full of cute characters that will become true friends for the child.
Inka Squirrel, everything will be fine.
There is a second lung.
The lung tissue regenerates well, if not all are removed, the remaining share will grow.
If this is a pulmonectomy, then the second lung will become larger over time and will function for two.
Try to breathe deeply yourself, fathers are stronger than daughters, they don't really like tears.
Don't cry too early.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
Blue Origin's New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, broadcast on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended to Earth, TASS reports.
The launch of the carrier rocket was carried out from the cosmodrome near the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to a height of just over 100 km, space tourists were in a state of weightlessness.
The launch vehicle itself landed on a regular basis at the site of the cosmodrome.
On July 20, Blue Origin successfully completed the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard with passengers on board.
SKETCHES OF A VILLAGE MUSCOVITE.
Don't be in the same pile - there are bad people, you may have claims against them on a specific occasion...
but what does the number of children, age, pension fund, etc. have to do with it?
Write that they are "frozen, did not return the money."
But how many and when they have children is none of your business until they gather to hang these children around your neck.
And since this is out of the question, what right do you have to condemn them?
Probably, this is only the case in education...
Elected (by themselves) parents dictate their own rules, frankly spitting on existing ones.
And if this applies to other spheres of life, legal proceedings, etc.?
Laws are not written for them.
And if dad still introduces his method of upbringing and education?
Some kind of horror and a very bad example for others.
Embroidery kit "Feathered stars" DESIGN WORKS 2719.
Kit contents: 14 ct navy blue Aida canvas, floss, sequins, sequins, needle, chart, instructions.
The production of Design Works began in 1987 and is still popular around the world.
Many motifs are worked out by such a famous designer as Ronald West.
Design Works cross stitch kits come with quality Aida canvas, 100% cotton floss and #24 tapestry needle.
Also in the assortment you will find sets for embroidery on plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, rugs and tablecloths and much more.
China steps up COVID-19 epidemic prevention and control in cities with land crossings
The Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular ordering to strengthen the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land crossings are located in order to further prevent the importation of infection from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must provide a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test result obtained within 48 hours prior to departure.
Travelers to cities with land crossings must take at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be in effect from the day when the relevant provincial-level administrative units determine and publish the zones of the specified cities, until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities that have land crossings and that meet certain conditions may consider creating buffer zones for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisiya Sokolova, as usual, Russian women are drawn to the eastern ethnic group based on Indian films, which were only shown in cinemas in Russia.
In the west, no one watched this nonsense with the natives.
And how many such cities and villages are forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, article: 5110704.
The composition of the layers of the mattress RelaxFoam 2 cm: aloe latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
Cover - jersey Splendid.
Knitted fabric made of cotton has a special design.
The base is braided with special synthetic threads, which provide special strength and softness of the material.
The honeycomb weave structure supports natural thermoregulation and moisture removal during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, 230 gsm m.
Mattress Dimax OK Basis, size 130x185.
Spring orthopedic mattress OK Basis is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The practical filler Balance Foam gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time leaves the price at a budget level.
This product is the best combination of price and quality.
Foam Balance is a modern material that is obtained from PPU.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
That is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much more stringent than Russian ones.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedicity: the material maintains the correct position of a person throughout the entire sleep time.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has acquired a rigidity below the average level, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be quite soft.
The main bearing block in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for the content of independent springs, 256 elements per square meter are immediately located here.
The practical block can withstand weight up to 100 kg per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, enhancing the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
The manufacturer provides a choice between a spring block with a height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final cost.
Be sure to indicate your preferences when ordering to the store operator.
The mattress is delivered in a knitted cover, together with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is not removable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Sconce Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Perfect for spaces such as the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting device is supplied in color: gold.
The luminaire uses lamps with an E14 base.
The total power allows you to illuminate approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this luminaire for rooms decorated in the "Classic" style.
The Foreign Ministry spoke about the "sad conclusion" in relations between Russia and the United States
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov, in an interview with Izvestia, assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long way of interaction led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not start yesterday.
There is one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of some prospect of improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion from the long journey we have come with the current administration, and with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday," the diplomat pointed out.
According to Ryabkov, the problem is connected with the desire of the United States to impose approaches on Russia on a variety of issues.
The Deputy Foreign Minister added that he would not risk giving optimistic forecasts about the prospects for improving relations and would not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that, with the exception of areas such as strategic stability and cybersecurity, there has been no progress.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach in matters of international security and hopes that the signals will be heard and the Americans will heed the arguments of common sense.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, at a meeting with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken, said that Moscow is ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
Virologist warns of the dangers of vaccinating with a nasal preparation against COVID outside hospitals
Those vaccinated with the nasal vaccine against COVID-19 may develop allergies and need medical attention, so the first points for vaccination with this drug should not be organized at airports and shopping centers.
This was reported to TASS by virologist, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the laboratory of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virology of Novosibirsk State University Sergey Netesov.
It is easier to organize nasal vaccination points at airports and shopping centers, but at first I would do it only in medical institutions.
The fact is that there is a possibility of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is small, but it is desirable that the person then sit next to the doctor's office.
Doctors have special sets of anti-allergic drugs that work in just a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary," Netesov said.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping centers when experience is gained in using the drug.
He also emphasized that when using a nasal vaccine, it is important that it gets on the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
At the same time, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the person vaccinated with nasal congestion blows his nose after injection.
Painting by numbers on canvas, anime "the blade that cuts demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring by numbers is interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many people love to draw, but sometimes they lack the ability or skills.
This simple, but very exciting activity allows you to relax, realize your creative potential and create masterpieces with your own hands.
There are a lot of unusual paintings and "unused" stories in the assortment!
We develop actual stories on our own and try to make you happy with the result!
Everything is very simple!
When painting, the contours applied to the canvas will not "float," they will not dissolve with water.
Each segment is numbered so as not to get lost in the colors.
The picture in finished form will become a bright element of the situation, a highlight of the interior, attracting attention at first sight.
But this picture was not painted by some artist.
You drew it yourself.
With your own hands!
Serbia produced 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian Sputnik V vaccine, Nenad Popovich, the country's Minister of Innovation and Technological Development, told TASS.
"The Torlak State Institute has so far produced about 2 million doses of the Sputnik V vaccine, and we expect that at least 4 million will be produced in the coming period," Popovich stated.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among the Serbs.
In this regard, the republic plans to make an additional purchase of a million doses of vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production of the Sputnik V nasal vaccine and the Sputnik Light drug on the territory of the state.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that the Russian Federation had delivered almost two million doses of domestic vaccine against coronavirus infection Sputnik V to Serbia.
Lama, they say, the true believers make up the church.
Whether these true believers exist or not, we cannot know.
Each of us would like to be such a true believer, and each of us tries to be one.
But no one should say either about himself or about those who believe just like him, that they are the only true believers.
Because if they can say to themselves that they are true believers, then others can say exactly the same.
Mattress Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145x190.
Mattress Prime Orto S1000 with different sides of firmness, total mattress height 22 cm.
The maximum allowable load per bed is up to 150 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is in a separate fabric pocket, which allows the springs to properly distribute the load on the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt is added to separate the fillings of the mattress and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a layer of coconut coir 3 cm high, which gives additional rigidity and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress, a layer of coconut coir 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm is added.
Natural latex has an anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The mattress cover is made of cotton jacquard quilted on environmentally friendly material Hollcon.
The fabric is treated with special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
Impregnation ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, does not allow microorganisms, dust mites and microbes to develop.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress along the perimeter is additionally reinforced with an artificial latex frame, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., Remind me, please, what style was the marathon at the 2021 World Cup?
Do you see the track where the participants of the race should finish in the classical style?
Attention, the question is - what does Klebo do to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get on the track if he was walking behind at the turn in front of the target?
And the "best finisher" at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It has been a long time...
I was, but in fact still was not a driver.
I had my rights, but I couldn't drive.
They offered to go to MAZ 250 km one way!
Young, stupid, agreed.
The owner is nearby, sips vodka, I'm going.
First, like a king, he took the center line!
A column formed up behind me.
Missed.
Then the belt on the GUR broke.
Then the traffic cops stopped us.
There was an organized convoy, and their car broke down.
Needs to be towed.
The owner of MAZ explained that he was drunk, the driver was inexperienced.
And to him - what kind of drunk are you?
You do not stumble, you do not fall.
Ahead of us with flashing lights and forward!
In my opinion, it doesn't come out of the advertisement whether he should grieve.
Pevtsov about the same thing: about the return of the retirement age.
For a long time already all budgets have been drawn up taking into account the billions that were not received by pre-pensioners.
Who tells them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1239 cases of omicron-strain of coronavirus were recorded per day - RT Russian
In the UK, 1239 cases of infection with a new omicron strain of coronavirus were detected per day.
This is reported by Sky News.
In particular, 1196 new cases of the Omicron strain were recorded in England, 38 people fell ill with a new type of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 from a new strain in the UK has reached 3137 people.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, in a pessimistic forecast, calculated that 75,000 people could die in England by April due to an outbreak of coronavirus caused by the Omicron strain.
Peskov warned of the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Press Secretary of the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in the event of the continuation of "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including because of the alleged "invasion" of the country's territory.
"It is impossible to introduce any restrictions against Russia and not experience suffering yourself," the official representative of the Kremlin said on the air of the Rossiya 1 TV channel.
Peskov claims that "everyone in the world understands this."
Earlier it was reported that the United States is considering the possibility of imposing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as a last resort.
In addition, Washington and the European Union are planning to introduce restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars in relation to Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, the head of Sberbank German Gref is sure that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - accordingly adequate comments!
Something from these simple to sickening recipes is already sickening.
Apparently, the ideas are over.
Even in the distant times of childhood, my mother baked delicious pies and cakes, and it never occurred to me to compare a piece of bread smeared with jam with a cake.
Xenia, you do not need to convey anything to my mind, my mind must figure it out on its own!
"The inability of the mind, divided with the Spirit to perceive" - is that you What?!
Imagine that you need to explain it on your fingers to an unintelligent child, how will you do it?!
(Please note that a child under 3-5 years old still has channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you!)
New Caledonians reject idea of independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, the vast majority of participants refused to leave France.
This was announced on December 12 by the French TV channel BFM.TV.
96.5% of those who voted were against independence.
Supported independence from France 3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific.
The results of 2.99% of the ballots were annulled.
The level of participation in voting that day was very low: about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polling stations.
According to experts, the low turnout is due to calls by separatists to refuse to participate in the referendum due to the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, New Caledonians voted against independence from France in a referendum.
In 2018, the region already held a referendum on independence.
Most of the residents supported the presence of the archipelago in France.
New Caledonia is located almost 20 thousand kilometers from mainland France.
In 1853, France claimed New Caledonia as its own.
About 270 thousand people live in the archipelago, the territory is endowed with a special administrative-territorial status.
There is a 1998 agreement between Paris and the administration of New Caledonia, according to which the region can organize a vote on its independence twice with a difference of two years.
Boris, if you don't know history, don't write.
The name of the city Arsk comes from the Bulgaro-Tatar word "artysh" (juniper).
Udmurts (Ars in Tatar) live in the northern regions of the Baltasinsky and Kukmorsky districts.
The Udmurts are wonderful, hardworking people, they have preserved their language, they live in friendship with the Tatars, they know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that the Motherland will not leave.
Fools yelling "cheerful slogans" will quit.
I tell you this with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't spit in the well, you may have to drink water!
WHO tentatively considers "omicron" less dangerous than "delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) tentatively believes that "omicron" is less dangerous than the delta strain of coronavirus.
At the same time, there is evidence of a decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines in case of a disease with a new variant of COVID-19.
As of December 9, Omicron is registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and a significantly altered protein antigenic profile of the Omicron strain suggest reduced vaccine effectiveness against infection and transmission of the variant.
According to preliminary findings from South Africa, it is assumed that it ("severity of the disease" - ed.) may be less severe than with "delta"," the WHO technical report says.
The organization notes that so far all reported cases of omicron infection in the EU are mild or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain, according to preliminary data, is spreading faster than the delta.
Two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been registered in Russia.
They "were previously immunized," the Gamaleya Center said.
The head of Rospotrebnadzor, Anna Popova, said that there is still no reliable evidence that the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the rest.
In fact, the lack of sun for us, southern people, is very critical.
For 10 days spent in St. Petersburg one day in November, we saw the sun for the first time when our plane flying back took off above the clouds.
Then I only realized what I was missing all the time in beautiful St. Petersburg.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To taste what he did not know from his birth - to drink space with his eyes, mouth and skin!
Who sees only water in the ocean,
He does not notice the mountains on earth.
Your world of adventure +7 905 989 9172 What's App
Siberian Expeditions - we can spoil even the worst mood for you!
Svetlana S., no, no, they don't give in.
If your loved one, with whom you are going to live your whole life, does not give in to your requests, then he is a parasite who does not want to give in return as much as he takes.
And the problem of women is that they themselves slowly, slowly take everything upon themselves.
And who is to blame here if she grabbed the tug herself?
Four scenarios for Zelensky named in Ukraine
Former deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko listed four options for the development of events for the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may be left without the support of the West, and may also make compromises on Donbass.
On Sunday, December 12, Denisenko told in a publication on the Glavred portal.
The first option, which Denisenko called the "perfect storm," assumes that key Western countries will no longer support Ukraine, having reached an agreement on the future of the country without its participation.
This development will contribute to a deep crisis that Kyiv may face in 2023.
"At the same time, there is a decrease in prices for key goods that we traditionally export <...> internal protests and confrontation between the authorities and key FIGs (financial and industrial groups. - Ed.)," the ex-MP added.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario for the development of the situation - "a war against everyone."
This forecast will come true in the event of high turbulence in world politics, in which the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Because of this state of affairs, the leadership of Ukraine may make compromises on Donbass, as a result of which confrontation within the country is possible.
At the end of summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, the probability of such a situation, according to the former people's deputy, is up to 50-55%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is a confrontation between groups of the population and the president who disagree with Zelensky, which is why it is likely to seize control of the power bloc and implement "populist initiatives."
During this version of the crisis, Zelensky will begin "reformatting power," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is the transformation of Zelensky into the "father of the nation."
This can lead to some event that will be a strong shock to society.
"The event should be large enough to provoke a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
This version of the development of the situation is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a man-made disaster or Russia's aggressive actions, the ex-deputy believes.
At the same time, the Russian side has more than once rejected any possibility of an "attack" on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that are increasing military activity near the Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, data from a survey by the Rating sociological group showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to record lows, amounting to 19.3%.
This is the lowest figure since his election as head of state.
Analysts predicted a situation in which, in the event of the next presidential elections in Ukraine, only 21.8% would vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% would vote for the ex-president of the country Petro Poroshenko.
At the same time, only 19.3% of respondents expressed support for the president.
Shower system KAISER Sena (74182)
The shower system KAISER Sena (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in work, this is also confirmed by numerous customer reviews on third-party Internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also get a guarantee on our part for the quality and performance of the product.
We carry out delivery by transport companies throughout Russia and to any region.
If you find any defects, we will refund the full price paid by you without any problems.
When you call the operator, you can get a personal discount on this product.
When buying, please leave a review about the use.
Thanks to the author for the story about the great athlete, I did not know that Elena Shushunova died, it is very upsetting to find out.
I remember how I supported her at the Seoul Olympics, for us, the residents of Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, real time.
Such a passion, emotions went off scale, I remember the joy when Elena won.
They also rejoiced at other victories, as they rooted for Salnikov, for the football players, for all the then Soviet athletes.
On TV, I once saw a documentary about one of the Central American countries, and there watermelons were rolled up the ladder on board the ship like barrels.
The watermelons were enormous.
I myself worked many times in my youth cleaning and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and did not meet watermelons weighing more than a pood.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from melons and not earlier than the beginning of August.
Balconette bra with soft lace cups (size: 90E, beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, article: 12008).
Balconette bra with soft lace cups, on the frames.
The lower part of the cup is reinforced with an inelastic transparent fabric.
The lateral inner part of the cup, in the area of sewing on the straps, is reinforced with an inelastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of the lace can be appreciated thanks to the scalloped neckline and under the bust.
Vertical boning on the single layer microfiber side panels keeps the fabric from curling at large sizes.
I really didn't like the article, angry, poisonous.
Walked through people about whom you know nothing.
But now many people like it, they decompose people into atoms.
I hope that those who comment with honor and decency have everything in the right way and they are experts in everything.
In Moscow in the evening you will think 100 times whether to go to the store alone, migrants are everywhere, there are crowds of them.
They consider themselves owners.
Are you serious about child benefits and pensions?
Benefits are cheap and pay them up to a maximum of 3 years, pensions are 12,000, someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetics have long been paid and very expensive.
People are like from another planet.
In France it's bad, but in our country it's excellent?
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact texture, comfortable elasticity and rigidity, wear resistance and durability properties.
The product of the brand "Beautyson" from the "Sens" series is intended for a healthy sleep for people suffering from diseases of the joints and the vascular system.
The design ensures uniform distribution of the load over the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The basis of the mattress Buttison Sens Hard S600 mini Sint is an independent spring block S600 mini with a reduced height of the springs.
Beautyson uses spunbond, coconut coir and polyurethane foam as internal fillers.
Spunbond serves as an intermediate insulating layer between soft materials and springs.
Orthopedic foam with carbon impregnation is decorated on the surface with figured cutting, which provides a micro-massage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high moisture exchange and breathability characteristics.
The outer case for the mattress is made of dense jacquard with synthetic fibers.
The material is strong and durable, does not wear out and does not require complex maintenance.
A poet arrested for a campaign on Red Square: "They give 10 days for a quote from Yevtushenko, here it is, the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, the 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was arrested for ten days.
A HSE student was detained on Red Square with a poster with the hashtag #a poet in Russia is more than a poet.
This quote belongs to the writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up against Alexander under an administrative article on repeated violation of the procedure for holding a public action.
The first time he was detained on January 23 at Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
"The goal was to draw attention to poetry in general, now interest in it, unfortunately, has been lost, to the decline of the common culture in Russia and also a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag," Alexander explains.
We contacted the young poet to find out the circumstances of the detention and reveal the message of his message in more detail.
How did the police treat you during your arrest this time and before?
What did you ask in the department, how did you comment on your action?
This time, the employees were more correct, the detention was maximum, polite, no matter how ridiculous it may sound in some context of the word.
On Pushkinskaya, riot police took and took hard.
Asked standardly, about motives.
When they heard, in principle, they looked, if not approvingly, then understandingly.
With the exception of the monkey house blown on all 4 sides, everything was extremely correct, but I knew what I was doing.
And if, after the action, under this hashtag, at least a few people start writing their own poems, I will not spend these 10 days in vain.
Maxim, according to the protocol, in private, speak at least the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
And at public and official events, they speak the language of those around them, so that everyone can understand what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through an interpreter.
This is a protocol and nothing more, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks excellent Russian and nevertheless resorts to the help of an interpreter.
And even at official events, a transcript is kept in the old fashioned way with a fountain pen, and the stenographer is not required to know several languages.
If you don't want a lot of words, say no!
And so much water.
Well, to go as a tourist for six months "to the Andes, then to Nepal."
Before that, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And gradually sell these shares by opening an account in any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but in a currency less dependent on the US, such as Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
However, this is not all that keeps Americans in the United States.
Keeps their confidence that the US is better than anywhere else.
That's how they are raised.
Hansgrohe Quattro three-way mechanism (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: concealed installation mechanism; appointment: for the mixer, for a bath, for a shower; built-in systems: yes; mounting type: built-in (into the wall); case material: brass; concealed installation mechanism: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's article: 15930180; barcode: 4011097345239.
Additional information: a pressure regulator is required; scope of delivery: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; simultaneous inclusion of 2 consumers (showers) is possible; fits all Quattro exterior kits; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers reveal how potatoes help fight age-related disorders
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and minerals that help improve blood circulation and lower cholesterol levels.
The root contains B vitamins, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acids.
All these elements help the body's systems to function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Due to the high content of fiber, it is good for the gastrointestinal tract, and with regular use, it can also help in the prevention of hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, the root crop is better stewed or boiled rather than fried in oil.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes can be dangerous for diabetics, like other foods with a high glycemic index.
These are carbohydrate foods that quickly break down into sugars, such as sugar, sugary soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the Kommersant newspaper warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a reduction in its production in private farms and an increase in processing capacity.
According to market participants, the shortage of products at the moment can only be replaced by imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from the issuance of "Yandex"
Relegation candidates
In 2015, the rights holders from the RAEC/Media cluster compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate sites on the Runet, and most of them ceased to exist, says Karen Kazaryan, director general of the Internet Research Institute.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive thanks, among other things, to regular domain name changes, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series "The Squid Game" and "Tenderness" directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of ivi, Russia's largest video service (part of AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in the search engine results, you can watch the animated novelty "Encanto," but judging by the quality of the video, this is the so-called screen (a pirated copy of the film shot in the cinema).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the series "Univer. 10 Years Later" by the TNT channel (part of Gazprom-Media) is available.
Svetlana M., I'm sorry, of course, but I wouldn't care if my son is offended by his mother or not.
If we have some misunderstanding going on, it is better not to intervene at all, an estimate on our way.
Well, of course, that this rarely happens.
Bra with soft cups without frames and front fastener coffee 135I GI1265.
The T-back is reinforced on the inside with crossed cotton and Lycra elastic bands.
The bra is made of microfiber combined with mesh fabric for breathability.
Cotton-lined cups for a comfortable fit.
Unique Magiclift design (criss-crossing underbust and décolleté support inserts) to lift, separate and support the bust.
Wide comfortable shoulder straps lined with micro-pile are adjustable at the back.
Lyudmila, advanced space technology is now in China.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
"This idea developed by the Poles" - it would be more correct to say that Poland only reworked the idea of 1776 for itself, but developed it quite effectively.
Actually, the slogan "Outskirts is not Russia" appeared in 1848.
Which, in general, does not really change the essence.
I watched her interview, the girl said that her biggest dream is for her wings to grow, dad constantly pulls her up.
Well, as if all this is very doubtful.
Well, I entered the university, and what's next?
Wall lamp Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
A wide circle, framed by "molecules" of light, provides the most uniform and bright illumination of the space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose its relevance and allows you to favorably place accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is the weightlessness of the design.
Due to the thin, almost invisible cables, which are adjustable in height, it creates the feeling that the chandelier is floating in the air.
Metallic gold fittings and matte white miniature shades will easily complement any palette, and the pendant chandelier and sconces presented in the collection will become a ready-made ensemble for lighting a living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, the taste and color, what is called.
I really liked Tarragon, not the current one, of course.
The juices poured from high glass cylinders were very tasty.
Three servings of syrup is too much for my taste.
Two were just right.
Mattress Dimax Micro Ultimate, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient in that it has two surfaces that are different in terms of softness - high rigidity and slightly more than average.
The composition of the product includes only high-quality and premium fillers, which have proven themselves exclusively from the best side.
Springs: in the center of the model there is a block of independent springs "micropackage."
This means that there are 2000 spirals per bed, which work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives a unique point adjustment.
"Micropackage" is the highest frequency of the entire variety of spring blocks "Dimaks", so it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillers: combinations of coir and natural latex layers are installed above and below the springs.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface has latex, then the other has coconut coir.
Such a tandem of fillers has long been a classic, since it transfers to the mattress not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties.
If the coir provides proper back support, then the latex gives the adaptation of the surface to the human body.
Cover: The model comes in a quilted Aloe Vera knitted cover.
At the request of the client, it can be made both removable and stationary.
The total height of the product is 27 cm, the recommended load per bed is 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: the warranty period is 3 years.
The mattress has received all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its complete safety and reliability in operation.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress is CertiPUR certified.
Estonian scientists will look for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in cooperation with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, Actual Camera reported on Sunday.
The goal of the missions starting in five years is to assess the habitability of the clouds of Venus, and then search for life there.
For the project, scientists from Tartu have proposed tools for measuring the acidity and oxygen content in the clouds of Venus.
Until now, it has been assumed that the clouds of Venus, the planet closest to Earth, are too acidic for life to exist there, but Venus was probably originally an Earth-like planet.
During the third mission, a sample from Venus should arrive.
Suppose that if we find life there, then the main question will be whether it is similar to Earth or different.
If it is very similar, then it will be obvious that earthly life did not begin on Earth.
If it is different, then perhaps it will be more likely that life originated on Earth," said Mihkel Pajusalu, head of the Estonian team of the Venus Life Finder project.
A hat, not a phone...
Six months to him, and the whole price...
Tired of this Chinese nonsense...
They can't make a quality phone...
At least take it, my Samsung has already survived three of these (friends have already thrown them out) and will survive again!
Metaverses will change Russian business
The topic of the metaverses became popular this fall when Mark Zuckerberg announced the transformation of Facebook into Meta.
For the market, this event was an important signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
This means that businesses in Russia, as well as all over the world, will invest in the creation of their own metauniverses and their subsequent monetization.
Metaverses should be considered as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, the trend to create remote interactions in a pandemic, because people are tired of separation and restrictions.
On the other hand, this is a consequence of the desire of business to develop ecosystems and adapt operating models for them.
With the third - they are a logical continuation of the asset digitalization trend, when any rights, securities, works of art and even money are transferred to a digital format.
Anya, you are right, changing the diet is a conscious process.
When you start eating right, you no longer want something too fatty and harmful.
Of course, we will have a traditional Olivier and a herring under a fur coat for the holiday, but no one forces me to eat up everything at once.
You can eat a spoonful, try - and that's enough.
After all, there really are ten days off ahead, you can cook any delicious and healthy dishes.
And how much hellish work, time, money it took her in training.
And after completing 5 quarter jumps, she was left without gold.
And she also understands that she will not survive 4 years before the next Olympics, that is, she will never be an Olympic champion.
And someone who hasn't just been playing sports or can't imagine all the circles of hell she's been through, DON'T JUMP WITH JUDGEMENT.
The British economist was unable to provide a forecast for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill was unable to provide a forecast for 2022, because, in his opinion, such attempts will turn into a failure.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change the turnover.
The coronavirus pandemic remains the most important factor, followed by inflation, he said.
O'Neill also admitted that he does not know whether the increase in commodity prices is temporary or not.
As the specialist pointed out, even before the pandemic, it was clear that "the world of endless generosity of central banks has already outlived itself" and it is time to return to a relationship where interest rates adjusted for inflation will correlate with expected GDP growth rates.
O'Neill noted that, against the backdrop of the pandemic, the continuation of ultra-soft economic policy could, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as increasing poverty and climate change, O'Neill concluded.
Earlier, the head of the global research department at Otkrytie Investments, Mikhail Shulgin, said that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate for 2022 remain, while the growth potential will be less significant.
Among the risks to the dollar, Shulgin named the Fed's monetary policy, oil price dynamics and fears amid the coronavirus pandemic.
Forced to agree.
But one thing pleases: if you compare yourself with yourself, then five years ago there were fewer containers.
Now it's better.
There is progress, only sluggish.
There is also this problem: there are many environmental initiatives in cities, but people do not know about them.
All sorts of ecotaxi that pick up waste from home.
Yes, the recycling point is trite - it is used by the marginalized.
Rarely does anyone bring glass and metal there.
Well, the author...
Sausages "with cat meat" in Soviet factories?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well, yes, they are not tasty enough compared to Doshirak, I understand...
And now I would convert Soviet sweets with white filling.
There are no more.
They don't release Pilot, and Romashka is not the same at all...
Car mats EVA (rhombus) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
EVA car mats are made of high-quality Russian-made material.
The surface of the rugs consists of diamond-shaped cells.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
Rugs do not absorb and do not pass moisture.
All dirt is evenly distributed over the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material from which the rugs are made is elastic, wear-resistant, odorless.
Maintains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 °C.
Rugs are unpretentious in operation and are suitable for year-round use.
EVA car mats cover the regular carpet as much as possible, closing the area for resting the left foot.
The rear row tunnel is covered with a rug.
The edging is made of a heavy-duty automobile sling.
Mattress Dimax Practitioner Basis Plus B13 180x220 cm
Springless mattress Dimax (Dimaks) Practitioner Basis Plus v13 consists of a single type of filler.
This is a 13 cm high artificial latex slab.
Due to the characteristics of the material, the mattress has a symmetrical average stiffness of the sides.
The product is covered with a jacquard cover with quilting on a comfort layer, removable or non-removable type to choose from.
PPU is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PPU) are characteristics similar to the natural analogue, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is resilient and elastic, but, unlike natural material, has greater rigidity.
It forms an anatomical surface of the mattress with high-quality support, which ensures a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
A quality mattress that is not afraid of temperature changes.
Anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for arranging a bed in the country or in a country house.
Its advantages also include universal medium firmness and a maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2 trillion 784 billion rubles on the purchase of new cars, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to statistics from the Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI) agency.
To understand the scale, approximately the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
Last September, at a meeting of the heads of state of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, President Vladimir Putin said that this amount is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
In terms of revenue in the Russian market, the Korean brand Kia is the leader.
For 10 months of this year, he managed to sell cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than a year earlier.
Kia's sister brand Hyundai has even more significant growth - more than 35%, and revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
In the leading positions, this brand also increased the weighted average price of a car - during the year at Hyundai it grew by almost 21%, to 1.94 million rubles - only Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz had a stronger dynamics of price increase.
At the same time, sales volumes of Korean brands did not grow so significantly: according to the statistics of the Automobile Manufacturers Committee of the Association of European Businesses in Russia, in quantitative terms, Kia sold 9.4% more cars over the same period than a year earlier.
Hyundai - by almost 12%.
Japanese Toyota closes the top three in terms of sales in monetary terms - Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months, which is 14% more than a year earlier.
The Japanese are followed by Mercedes-Benz with an indicator of 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand increased both sales volume (by 37%) and the weighted average price of a car (almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
"Mercedes-Benz is simultaneously seeing good growth in sales and the weighted average price - more, for example, than BMW - hence the greater growth in financial capacity," explained Tatiana Arabadzhi, General Director of NAPI.
In terms of sales growth rates, Chinese brands are showing fantastic results, which also significantly increased their financial capacity this year."
The Russian Lada in terms of income growth dynamics demonstrates average market indicators (plus 28%), Russians spent 229.4 billion rubles on cars of this brand in 10 months.
At the level of last year in terms of financial capacity, there are companies whose car sales in pieces fell in 2021: in particular, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ is completely in the red - for 10 months, the Russians spent 12 billion rubles on SUVs and pickups of this brand against 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the backdrop of problems with the supply of auto components and interruptions in production that have engulfed the entire global auto industry, auto companies continue to continuously adjust prices - the same AvtoVAZ increased the cost of Lada models seven times a year, the last increase in price (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Regularly rewrite the price tags for their products and other automakers.
The volume of the Russian automotive market in monetary terms will continue to increase - in addition to the shortage of cars, inflation also contributes to this, as well as the desire of automakers to win back past losses, experts say.
In the context of a shortage of cars, I think that many automakers were even able to partially pass on to the consumer the costs of past periods that they could not include in the price of cars earlier,
says Vladimir Bespalov, an auto industry analyst at VTB Capital. -
I believe that financially, automakers are doing very well now, maintaining high sales margins."
An indirect indicator of this is the rate of growth in the cost of cars that are observed during 2021, the prices of new cars are growing faster than inflation, the expert specifies.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantitative terms and in monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the complexity of the design of the machines themselves, Bespalov predicts.
As supply increases, the scope for price increases will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow next year, even if the growth in the cost of cars slows down, automakers will be able to earn their income from volumes, says Sergei Burgazliev, an independent automotive industry consultant.
Given increased demand and insufficient supply, automakers are now looking to make the most profit from every car sold, Burgazliev said. -
An increase in the production of cars is not expected for at least the next six months, while in Russia the excitement is also fueled by the uncertainty of citizens in the future.
Against the backdrop of the current market situation, cars turned out to be a good investment object - a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold for more than its original cost, the expert states.
Biden spoke about the transfer of the US military to Ukraine in the event of a Russian invasion
The US leadership has never considered sending US troops to Ukraine in the event of a Russian "invasion".
This statement was made by US President Joe Biden.
"There have never been such plans," the head of the White House said, answering a journalist's question about whether the United States abandoned such an idea.
Biden noted that in the event of an escalation of the situation around Ukraine, Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he stressed that the United States and NATO have no obligation to use military force to protect Ukraine in the event of an escalation.
The American leader also said that the possibility of using American troops unilaterally for the defense of Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades the territory of Ukraine, the United States will transfer forces to the Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Estonia).
"We will have to send more US and NATO troops to the eastern flank, B9 - all those NATO countries for which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack from Russia," Biden said.
Earlier, the press secretary of the President of Russia Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow has no intentions to invade the territory of Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees a problem in the combat use of drones supplied by Turkey by Kyiv, and also in the fact that "American weapons are approaching our territory."
I leave such interviews right away.
If already at the interview they want to make me listen to screams, wait for hours, drink an incomprehensible drink and wash another cup - it's scary to imagine what will happen at work.
I will find a normal place for myself, without an emotional layer, where you immediately talk to the manager.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 cm
Medium height springless construction mattress Promtex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 is made of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium hard, the other is moderately hard.
An elegant white jacquard cover is quilted on synthetic winterizer and complemented by a zipper around the perimeter.
Two types of filler.
Sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Thin slabs of coconut coir are laid between the latex slabs.
The layered structure of the mattress is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to stress.
Natural latex is a dense, elastic, breathable material.
The filler keeps its shape and quickly recovers after stress.
Coconut coir enhances the strength of the product, naturally has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows you to create a load-resistant orthopedic bed that will serve customers for many years.
Versatility and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and ages.
The medium-hard surface is versatile with a balanced combination of orthopedics and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately hard bed is more relevant for those who need to "unload" their backs and have a healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for both a single person and a couple.
The latter will especially appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of the "wave" effect, when fluctuations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite side, disturbing a person in a dream.
Table easel "Studio" 20*24*54 (65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Table easel "Studio" with height-adjustable top holder.
Suitable for small size canvases.
Material - natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists.
Smooth adjustment of the tilt angle.
Equipped with a shelf-emphasis for canvases and tablets.
The top holder securely fixes the canvas.
Maximum easel height - 65 cm, maximum canvas size - 40 cm.
If a scammer calls from a similar number, such as an "employee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs" or another law enforcement agency, then it is inefficient to immediately drop it, and most likely it will not be possible to blacklist it in time.
Because in order to confirm his lie about involvement in law enforcement agencies, he quickly repeats the call and continues to frighten and persuade.
We need more useful advice for the people.
This is such nonsense...
I don't believe that this was the case at all.
They no longer know what to think, who to blame.
We got to the Queen.
And most importantly, in their opinion, everyone is to blame, except for the very best...
And it would not be easier to leave people alone from coercion, of course, if our people take care of their people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear...
As in Japan... before the elections, influence was weakened and infections became less...
Set of wool for felting "Assorted No. 2" 100% merino, wool 4x10 g.
Felting wool as a craft originated eight thousand years ago, only for this occupation it was very difficult to find animal wool, and even more so colored.
But now voila!
Introducing semi-thin natural wool for felting from a Russian manufacturer, for which you do not have to run through the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of wool for felting allow you to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, appliqués for creativity, jewelry, interior decorations, and even clothing and accessories.
Imagine a pair of "dumped" fluffy sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace that will look great with a new dress, or unique house slippers that no one will have...
Bring your ideas to life by "rolling" this wonderful wool!
Maria Kartashova, what does "in response to this" mean?
I do not voice my thoughts, I mentally curse you all.
I mentally cut off the heads of everyone who did not give way to me, mentally send them to a ditch and burn all the cars that interfere with my passage, mentally everything!
And I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas II did not sign a single death sentence during the years of his reign.
Even to such lawless people as Koba and his brigade.
And Bloody Sunday is already an invention of the Bolsheviks.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
Mattress hard on both sides.
The natural material latex coconut coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary rigidity and elasticity to the mattress.
Independent spring block TFK (512 springs per bed) will give you unique comfort and proper support of the spine during sleep.
Cover in cotton jacquard quilted 200 g.
hallcone gives protection and comfort.
Maximum load per bed: 130 kg.
My horse.
Pony house with accessories, display 6 pcs.
An adorable pony lives in a cozy foldable pink house.
If you open her house, then inside one of its halves you can install a kitchen, and on the second half - a table, placing treats for guests on it.
The pony has big beautiful eyes, its mane and tail can be combed with a brush.
The set includes: pony 9 cm, hairbrush, house (2 halves), built-in table (2 parts), kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), cake with a heart (2 parts), juice bottle, 2 glasses, teapot, cup and saucer.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
Alternating layers of latex and tough coconut coir give the effect of improved body support.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress can easily withstand loads of up to 170 kg per bed.
At the same time, there is no wave effect: spouses lying side by side do not roll towards each other, regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials from which the model is made have undergone careful quality control.
They are ventilated, do not damp, do not absorb odors.
Thanks to the full circulation of air, a unique microclimate is created that promotes healthy rest.
High-strength thermal glue was used to fasten the parts.
The film of the student of Alexander Sokurov received the European "Oscar" for the best editing
The Oscar-nominated Russian film Unclenching Fists won the European Film Academy (also known as the European Oscar) award for Best Editing, according to Moskovsky Komsomolets.
The jury of the competition, which voted online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, appreciated the outstanding skill of the filmmakers.
The maximum number of awards was received this time by the film by Yasmila Zbanich (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Aida?"
The main character of the tape is a translator at the UN mission, who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Unclenching Fists," filmed by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film tells about the difficult relationship between an imperious father and those who want to free themselves from paternal guardianship of growing children in North Ossetia.
It was previously announced that the film was nominated for an Oscar as Best Foreign Language Film.
As the regular friendly meetings of the Presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, Turkey show, in my opinion, you are, to put it mildly, out of touch.
Only yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of a joint Azerbaijani-Russian enterprise KamAZ.
From my point of view, the literature program was shaped by the ladies of the Balzac age based on their interests.
Of 19th century Russian literature, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those very ladies of balzac age.
And the psychology and torments of Tolstoy's and Turgenev's heroines are not so interesting to teenagers.
Teenagers in general are rarely interested in the psychology of the characters.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were plush to portray a certain variety of them?
There are roses with that color and petal structure, resembling velvet, usually in dark red, burgundy tones.
And light roses look different, with petals that have just a satiny or silky sheen to them.
Sharks attack surfers by mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are kind of color-blind.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas DO NOT look into the eyes - in some safari parks, visitors are given glasses with drawn eyes looking away.
Bees are also oriented by smell...
Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195 mattress.
Model "Micropacket Prestige": comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different rigidity of the sides: the medium-hard surface is formed by latexed coconut fiber and natural latex, the moderately soft surface is formed by a plate of natural latex.
Springing block with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the sleeping body, preventing the appearance of the effect of "waves" or "hammock.
Among the advantages of the model it is necessary to point out the breathable materials.
Latex, perforated for air permeability, perfectly ventilates naturally, as well as coconut coir.
Thanks to this, it preserves a healthy microclimate of the bed.
The mattress is also covered by an extended warranty period.
The term of manufacturer's official warranty is 5 years, in fact the service life of this mattress is longer.
The removable jacquard shell included in the set protects against dust and dirt.
Purchase a pair of orthopedic pillow to the mattress - it is recommended to maintain the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filling determines the purpose of the sides - coconut serves as an anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Use your brain and chase these cousins away!
It's better not to have any than such...
Either look for a third-party driver, or someone who is willing to invest and work with you in the share.
If you can not, then sell your car, even at a loss, do not spare.
You'll think better next time...
Andrew, you clearly explained that the schools are working seniors, they will not work in the command line.
Computer science teacher also can not help, he was not taught, school kids play games in windoose.
So there is no support.
I remember with horror these feasts and guests at my parents' house.
The guests are on the doorstep, and the cutlets are still frying on the stove, and my mother is scrubbing the floor.
God, I was already exhausted when I sat down at the table.
And then he had to wash the dishes and clean the house.
A week before the party you haul food, two days of cooking, a day of cleaning after.
And what about the guests?
It's good for them, and they must have a cake with them.
Since then I don't like holidays and guests.
Even for my family I set the table on the minimum.
And I cook delicious things for them, bake very often just for fun.
Germany: Fourth coronavirus vaccination is inevitable
A fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or fall of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be the final vaccination, but will continue with renewed vigor.
Despite an active vaccination campaign in Germany, neither two nor three doses of the coronavirus vaccine will probably be sufficient for complete protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners, Ulrich Weigeldt, is convinced of this.
Die Welt reported this on Saturday, December 11.
"We expect that a fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the fall," the expert believes.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth coronavirus vaccination can be given "in combination with flu vaccination."
This would help to achieve the best results.
In addition, increased vaccination could help fight the spread of the new Omicron strain of coronavirus.
And the new variant is especially dangerous.
For example, Omicron is three times more likely to be reinfected than Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
On this basis, the manufacturers of BioNTech / Pfizer plan to provide a vaccine adapted to Omikron by March 2022.
The companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new variant of the Omikron coronavirus.
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer found that with two doses of the vaccine, the efficacy is significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
"This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the Omicron strain," BioNTech and Pfizer stressed.
Therefore, a third dose is needed.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, Bernd Salzberger, chairman of the German Infectious Diseases Society, advocates shortening the interval between the second and third vaccinations.
Moreover, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of coronavirus.
"Israel's experience shows this very convincingly," the expert stressed.
Pontoon21 wobbler, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibs in that it was originally designed with ice fishing in mind, not just backcountry fishing.
These wibs have a higher specific weight than similar in size analogues, which, of course, has a positive effect on the nuances of the application of these interesting baits.
Another recognizable feature - the upper fin of durable and resilient plastic, which creates additional shades of vibration in the vertical and horizontal wiring.
As a "winter vib" in plumb fishing the Bet-A-Vib shows quite an aggressive game.
Often the most catchable is a simple monotonous animation, that is movement of the rod up and down almost without pauses.
When planning the deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is useful when fishing in a confined space, cluttered with underwater vegetation, snags and other obstacles, which can catch.
In addition, a small deviation is relevant when fishing for pikeperch and large perch in winter, and especially in the middle of winter, when you want point and aggressive serving of bait.
Upon reaching the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly turns around and returns to the original vertical.
Bet-A-Vib is also successfully used for winter fishing of pond trout.
To please its whims, you can choose from two modifications: with sound capsule (NS - NanoSound) or without it (SL - Silent).
Also it was noticed that Bet-A-Vib could irritate passive pike, which don't even react to live bait.
When fishing back cast Bet-A-Vib shows range and accuracy.
This wobbler is understandable and not capricious, it combines well with fishing line and braided lines even of big diameters.
For fishing back casts of pike, pikeperch, ruffe or perch in addition to uniform is relevant and "step", sometimes with "chirping" on the bottom.
If you catch in a rucked place, you can change the front tee for a double, which reduces the likelihood of snagging.
Among the baits of its class Bet-A-Vib among the most stable in operation and, consequently, one of the most catchable.
With equal success can be used on both relatively shallow and fairly deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young loafers are sitting on the necks of old parents.
"Golden youth" are clearly lazy people in most of them, who do not know how to do anything.
A life of plenty disposes them to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin was referring to this large segment of the population.
You must be joking.
I have never seen shoes in this store that I wanted to buy.
What kind of years of wear are you talking about?
These shoes are made of leatherette.
It's good if it lasts one season.
"Zenden is on par with Kari.
Go in and see them a couple or three times and realize there's nothing to do in them.
In Libya they claimed about 7 thousand Russian mercenaries
There are more than 7 thousand mercenaries of the private military company (PMC) "Wagner" in Libya.
This was announced on Sunday, December 12, by the chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Republic, Khaled al-Mishri.
"There are currently more than 7,000 mercenaries of the Wagner PMC in Libya.
They have aircraft as well.
They are also digging trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jets at Gardabiya air base (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," Anadolu agency quotes him.
Khaled al-Mishri also indicated that Russian mercenaries are "trying to seize" the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea, after "bringing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Maintaining a presence
According to the interlocutor, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "has located itself in Libya.
"Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using an air base and port in Sirte as well as an air base in Jufra, the agency's publication noted.
Russian authorities have officially denied that the Wagner PMC is supported by the Kremlin.
Where else there may be mercenaries
According to the agency, "Wagner" allegedly operates in nine countries in Africa - CAR, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training for local forces, personal protection for leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, Wagner subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses to use minerals and natural resources, as well as to supply arms, technology and military services to these countries," the article said.
According to the media, the "Wagnerites" allegedly fought in Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the Central African Republic.
This group is listed neither in the law enforcement agencies, nor in the registry of legal entities, and its fighters are absent from the personnel lists.
This company is under U.S. sanctions.
Recall that earlier the postpresidents of the 27 EU countries approved restrictions against Wagner.
The Council of the European Union is expected to approve this decision on December 13.
Situation in Libya
Libya's Supreme State Council is a de facto second chamber of the parliament with an advisory function and dominated by Islamists, TASS writes.
The body has repeatedly called for the postponement of a single day of voting for the election of members of parliament and the head of state from December 24 to at least February 2022.
"There are less than two weeks until the elections, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing," the material notes.
Against this background, Libya's High Electoral Commission has indefinitely postponed the announcement of the final list of candidates, Sky News Arabia reports.
Foreign policy as seen by the Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in the country's foreign policy, while 29% believe that failures prevail.
"Examples of successes are "we defended in Syria, restored peace there," "the decision on Nord Stream-2," "the whole world was intimidated that cool weapons," and "we reclaimed the Crimea."
The main failures are "conflict with Ukraine," "confrontation with Western countries," and "isolation from the world," according to a study by the Public Opinion Foundation.
Dubai government has completely abandoned paperwork - all government services have also become digital only
Dubai government announced a complete move away from paperwork and towards digital technologies.
All public services will also be rendered only electronically.
This was reported by the Emirati news agency WAM.
"Today marks the beginning of a new phase in the digitalization of all aspects of Dubai - we have completed the transition to a completely paperless government," said Crown Prince Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Chairman of Dubai's Executive Council, on Saturday.
Internal and external document flow in all government agencies in Dubai will now only be done digitally through dedicated IT platforms.
The innovation has affected all sectors without exception: health, housing, police, municipalities, courts, etc. Many commercial entities also joined the government's initiative.
The transition to e-government and digitalization of documents began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, authorities have calculated that 336 million pieces of paper were saved, which amounts to 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in monetary terms.
Earlier, the mayor of Moscow Sergey Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about the date of birth and how old the child, it's already marasmus, about the class and group in kindergarten, too.
Well, I do not believe that there are such slackers.
And if they are, they obviously do not care about anything, including the family.
Lived my mother, her two brothers and grandparents at 3 Vladimirskaya, was 1 floor without bars.
They knocked first on the door, then on the window, then decided not to be ceremonious, broke the window and broke in, but my grandfather had a baseball bat they got.
These men knew for sure that there was someone at home...
Turkey's auto production and exports fell below 2020 levels
Turkey's auto production and exports fell sharply in November amid a depreciating lira.
As a result, the industry's 11-month performance was worse than last year's result, Bloomberg reported, citing data from the Turkish Automobile Manufacturers Association.
According to Association, 115 thousand cars were let out from factories in November in Turkey that is 20% less than year before.
About 75.9 thousand cars were sent for export, which is more than 25% less than last year's figure.
While the first 10 months of the year saw a positive trend in Turkey's auto sector compared to the same period last year, the first 11 months of 2021 saw a 0.3% decline in vehicle production compared to the same period last year.
The reason for such a fall was the sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which fell in November by 29% against the dollar.
This led to a drop in economic activity in all sectors.
More than 500 SMEs got credit deferral in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov told about the situation with the provision of benefits for small and medium businesses, reports the correspondent of MIA "Kazinform".
"According to the information of the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan on Regulation and Development of Financial Market, this year in execution of the order of the Head of State from April 1, 2021 adopted the order of the Chairman of the Agency from April 9, 2021 № 127 "On approval of the order of deferral of payments on loans to small and medium business," - wrote in his response to the deputy request Alikhan Smailov.
He reminded that the order of granting deferment of payments on loans implied granting by banks and organizations implementing microfinance activity the deferment of payments on loans granted till April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including private entrepreneurs during the period from April 1 till June 30, 2021.
The term of the deferment ranged from 30 to 90 days at the choice of SMEs.
In the application of the borrower could have specified a different period of deferral of payments.
During the period of deferment in respect of the borrower were suspended claim and enforcement work, notification of the need for repayment of arrears, as well as collection of commissions and other payments by the lender, "- said the deputy prime minister.
During 2021 the second-tier banks received requests for deferral of payments on loans to 603 borrowers SMEs, of which 553 SMEs received deferral for the amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
Applications for deferment were filed to MFIs by 131 SMEs and 95 of them were given delays to the amount of 105,8 mln tenge," A. Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with weak immunity can easily tolerate the strain of "ocmiron"
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity can tolerate it more easily than those with a strong body defense reaction
Pulmonologist Sergei Puryasev explained why the strain of coronavirus "oxymyron" may be dangerous.
The reason should be sought in the conditions of origin of the virus.
Scientists believe that "oxymyron" originated in the body of an HIV-infected or immunodeficient person.
That is, when it mutated, it met no resistance from the immune system.
Due to this, it is more aggressive.
Due to the fact that there was no response from the immune system, he became very fast.
Apparently, there may be more of these spike proteins than there should be, because their antibodies were not cut down during the mutations," commented pulmonologist Sergei Purjasev.
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immune system may tolerate the "ocmiron" more easily than those with a strong defense reaction of the body.
It turns out that a strong body response to anything, to any infection, is not always a good thing.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
This is how it happens with pneumococcal infections, when young people in their 30s die and old people in their 60s sneeze to death.
The immune response is rabid in young people, it is completely inadequate: where you could only wag a finger, it hits like a cannon on a sparrow, - concluded Sergey Purjasev.
The doctor also reminded that coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Lung inflammation can be bacterial or viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case you can often only buy the symptoms - all hope is on the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the beginning of intoxication of the body - this temperature, weakness, malaise.
Then come respiratory symptoms: difficulty breathing, throat scratch, cough.
Pains on the right or left side, abdominal pains could also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, Russia may start vaccinating the younger generation from 12 to 18 years old by the end of the year.
Pavel Volchkov, a virologist and head of the laboratory of genomic engineering at MIPT, noted that this category is very actively affected by covid.
Teenagers who go to school have the maximum number of contacts.
This is the most socially active stratum, as well as kindergarten students," Pavel Volchkov, virologist and head of the Laboratory of Genomic Engineering at MIPT, told Moscow 24.
My deepest gratitude to the author for this article.
It was a pleasure to refresh my memories.
Teath-In.
In the late seventies-eighties not a single dance-floor was without the tunes of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, we danced to their music.
Immunologists hypothesize why obese people fall victim to covid
The authors of the paper studied adipose tissue left over from bariatric surgeries and found that fat cells known as adipocytes can become infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected, and showed a strong inflammatory response.
Scientists also examined the adipose tissue of patients who died from covid and found coronavirus particles in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and flu viruses can hide in adipose tissue, using it as a reservoir, in an attempt to avoid an immune system response.
SARS-CoV-2 is probably also capable of doing this.
Biologist talks about the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin named the causes of dementia and told about the ways to prevent it in an interview with Radio Sputnik.
According to WHO, more than 55 million people suffer from this disease.
The syndrome manifests itself as a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, a person has difficulty navigating even in familiar surroundings.
Golosheikin noted that neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders and lack of certain vitamins most often lead to dementia.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
These include hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level, factors such as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity may play a role," he said.
Bad habits like smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disorders and sedentary lifestyle also influence the development of dementia.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and decreased abstract thinking.
"There is a debate that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and one of the risk factors for its onset," the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, the WHO recommends maintaining adequate levels of exercise, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Earlier, professor of neurology, neurosurgery and medical genetics at the department of neurology, neurosurgery and medical genetics at the Pirogov Russian State Medical University.
N.I. Pirogov, Head of Cognitive Disorders Department of the Federal Brain and Neurotechnology Center Anna Bogolepova spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt returned about 30 thousand illegally exported artifacts from the country
During the last 10 years the Government of Cairo managed to return about 30 thousand artifacts which were illegally taken out of the country.
Shaaban Abdel Gaouad, chief inspector of the Department of Returned Antiquities at the Egyptian Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities, said on Saturday, December 11, on air at Al-Hayat TV.
Since 2011, the Egyptian state has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, 5,300 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered at the Museum of the Bible in Washington," he said.
Abdel Gaouad specified that all of the smuggled artifacts are registered in the archives.
Department officials are now working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, specialists "monitor auctions around the world and sales on the Internet" through foreign and Egyptian sites, as well as social networks.
The chief inspector said that upon return, the cultural property is restored and then exhibited in museums.
One of the returned artifacts, he said, was an ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of an exhibit at the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities asked Interpol to help find the bust of the pharaoh Tutankhamun sold at auction in London.
Auction house Christie's held an auction on July 4, at which the bust of more than 3 thousand years old was sold for $ 5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused dissatisfaction on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the object of art was illegally removed in the 1970s from the Karnak temple in Luxor.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted as the sun god Amon, was kept in a private collection and had not been put up for auction since 1985.
How did the relic get to Europe, is unknown.
Egypt in recent years is actively seeking to repatriate illegally exported from the country at various times monuments of antiquity.
According to the authorities, 95% of the smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological investigations of "black diggers.
"Crimean Tatars are not counted" - and this is correct, as the Crimean Tatars (232 thousand) are an independent people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, only 42 thousand people - that's how many Tatars (Kazan) live in Crimea (see census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate nation, and the name of this nation consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse wants its employees to give the bank access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The fact is that in Europe and the U.S., the Swiss bank does not give its employees corporate communication devices, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a cell phone or smartphone from a partner - a telecommunications operator.
Under current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees as they are used to resolve business issues with colleagues or clients.
The bank uses the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee has used it to conduct a meeting with a client that has not been approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees have switched to remote working, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that have been used for business matters.
According to the newspaper, bank management has set a deadline by which employees can familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Credit Suisse has not officially commented on the new requirement.
Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200 mattress.
In the center of the Vivre Dual royal mattress is a high-quality and durable block of high self-contained springs TFK 18.
Natural coconut layers add stiffness, zonal latex ensures better distribution of the load, latex with the addition of Aloe ensures hygiene of the sleeping space, and the relief foam relaxes.
The mattress has a symmetrical medium firmness and a great height (30 cm).
The product comes packed in a tight roll and is ready for use a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable knitted fabric with a comfort layer stitching.
The fabric of the cover does not wrinkle or stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergey Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the hardest for the earthly existence of the poet and his "ego".
He is already out of any literary associations, splintered with Imagism, he is on his own, but known, in demand, at times firmly scolded by critics, even maliciously, but the reading public is ready to carry him in their arms.
During the year he wrote more than 60 poems, many of them were real masterpieces, completed the cycle "Persian Motives", wrote the poem "Anna Snegina", published 8 books, the collection "Soviet Russia".
And the main success - at the end of June 25, the State Publishing House signed a contract with Yesenin for the publication of his works in three volumes.
None of the contemporary poets was awarded such an honor - he was the first!
Besides, it promised very good money - according to the contract, the fee was 1000 rubles a month for 20 months (a factory director, for instance, received 300 rubles a month, an engineer - 200).
The funds in that year were needed more than ever.
Yesenin married Leo Tolstoy's granddaughter Sophia Tolstoy, it was necessary to arrange a family life, to support his sisters Katya and Sasha and his mother.
It would seem that life was getting better, there is something to rejoice in, but for him everything is painted mostly in dark colors, as if a nightmare from the poem "Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after Yesenin's death) materialized:
My friend, my friend,
I am very, very ill.
I don't know where this pain comes from.
Is it the wind that's whistling
Over an empty and deserted field,
Or like a grove in September,
The alcohol that's been pouring into my brain.
Many acquaintances noted that Yesenin strongly deteriorated, did not look good, clearly ill.
Recurrent binges, nervous breakdowns.
And the reason is probably not only in alcoholism ...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was made to Sergei Alexandrovich by someone, there are no reliable documents.
For example, those pertaining to May 1923, when Yesenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, the American Isadora Duncan, was improving his health in a clinic outside Paris with Professor Peter Gannushkin (again, he would see him two years later, already in Moscow).
But there is enough evidence of the poet's drinking, of scandals on this basis, of his arrests by the police - scattered over dozens of memoirs.
Since the early 20s the poet's dreadful love affair with the green dragon had been rapidly developing.
At the end of the summer of 1923, Yesenin briefly stayed with a friend, the Imagist Ivan Startsev.
Surprisingly, but Yesenin with his very good income has never had his own place neither in Moscow nor in St. Petersburg, he found himself in rented apartments, hotels or with acquaintances.
Startsev recalls:
"He came only to spend the night, and in most cases in a deranged, drunken state.
One day, returning at four in the morning, Yesenin fell on the landing...
Falling, scratched his face and wheezed.
Come to himself a little, he coughing incessantly, splashing blood all over the sheet ... ".
Yes, and Yesenin himself after a voyage to Europe and the United States (in the States then was dry law, but Duncan took with him a decent supply of liquor) admitted:
"I didn't see anything there but taverns and streets...
By the end I stopped remembering people...
And I drank, of course...
And I drank because I was bored".
Tire Pirelli Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
Winter tire Pirelli Scorpion Winter on the basis of a high-strength mix of rubbers and silica ensures a long-term efficient operation, uniform wear and resistance to loads.
The linear tread pattern of Pirelli Scorpion Winter, forming ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance and directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water and dirt from the contact area of Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, suppressing sliding and aquaplaning.
3D lamination enhances traction on slippery roads, snow and ice.
Large shoulder areas increase cross traction of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire when maneuvering, enhance traction and reduce braking distance.
Fine grooves and notches dissipate heat.
Promtex Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195 mattress
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern version of the budget model in the line of premium-class.
The basis of the mattress is a block of independent double springs Duet.
A softer spring of smaller size is inserted inside the large spring.
This allows to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
On both sides the mattress is supplemented with the filler - artificial latex.
This is an analogue of natural latex, but it is denser and less expensive.
The flexibility and elasticity of this material increases the comfort effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is excellent for a couple with a big difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Due to the "smart" springs there is no ripple effect when the light partner rolls on the side of the heavy one.
The soft caress of practical Sense jacquard is stitched with a layer of sintepon.
The natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
This mattress model can be manufactured in the twisted version (vacuum roll-packaging).
Now my son is almost 16, and he has not been tormented by the urge to pillow for a long time.
All of his energy is focused on choosing what he will do for a living.
He is much more responsible than I was at his age, or my husband, who had occasional legal problems until we were married.
A father cares about his young daughter.
And loves, as Lermontov wrote, "with a strange love.
Why did the girl cry at the exam, when she had not yet failed it?
Why didn't he tell his daughter that it wasn't school.
So she will have a tail.
So what?
She'll retake it.
Millions of students know that.
What are you talking about?
Polish Foreign Ministry considers that Belarus is using migrants as a "weapon" against the EU
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus is using migrants as a "weapon.
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Pawel Jablonski believes that President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko has been using refugees as a "weapon" against the European Union and intends to return to this "operation" next year.
Deputy Foreign Minister made a statement to this effect in an interview to the Australian Financial Review.
According to Jablonski, sanctions against Belarus "have temporarily stopped Lukashenko," but he is "actively looking for new ways.
The Polish official also believes that now illegal migrants will be used as weapons "in many parts of the world.
As the site kp.ru wrote, the European Union has previously enacted a fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It affected 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
Europe is ready to further extend restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve.
Minsk responded with a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had earlier decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Cover for clothes 60×100 cm, spunbond, color blue.
For your clothes to serve you for a long time, you need to properly care for them.
Proper storage will prolong its life and keep an attractive appearance.
A bag for clothes will help us in this!
The advantages.
Using a bag for clothes, you significantly save space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Tidy appearance.
No more dresses, blouses and skirts hanging in random places.
Neat slipcovers allow you to sort your clothes and hide them from view.
For people who use racks instead of a regular closet, this is the best option.
The cover reliably protects your clothes from dust, dirt, insects, mechanical damage, or possible fading.
Does not let the clothes change its shape during long storage, prevents the formation of fractures.
Features of covers for clothes.
Special material allows your clothes to "breathe".
With careful handling, the service life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, linens.
The cover is "sealed" with a strong zipper.
Important to remember!
Pre-prepare things for storage for a long time: clean them, straighten the folds.
Choose the best size for your case: things should not bend at the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several large things in one case at once: they can crumple.
If you value order and neatness, value your belongings, want to keep them and extend their life - order a bag for your clothes.
Look through the large catalog and choose the product you need color and size at a bargain price!
"The wrong man's hat": when a velvet jacket makes a man a laughing stock
Velvet jackets dominated social events in 2021.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashion decision was Daniel Craig.
Back in September at the premiere of "No Time to Die" he appeared in a velvet crimson jacket and a traditional "Bond" bowtie.
He was followed twice by Prince William, who first wore an inappropriate green velvet blazer to The Earthshot Prize eco-award ceremony and then opted for a more classic version for an event supporting the Royal Variety charity.
A couple of weeks ago, Lionel Messiah also tried on the trend.
The footballer came to pick up his seventh Ballon d'Or in a Dolce & Gabbana velvet jacket.
By the way, his sons wore the same.
AliExpress is already noticing a growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to the analysts of the service, received by "Gazeta.Ru", they have been bought 1.4 times more often.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with lining and fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, navy blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models - from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. In this case, men prefer to buy only jackets - Velvet suits sets they choose less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available at H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment velvet jackets this season are presented practically in all brands - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, Saint Laurent.
The most coveted model is considered Gucci, which brand ambassador Jared Leto wore at one of the premieres of the film "House of Gucci".
Choosing the jackets of expensive brands, you can be sure that the velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to a special technology of interlacing threads a dense fabric with a tufted exterior texture and a smooth interior is obtained.
More budget versions are made of cotton or polyamide, but, accordingly, serve less.
Lamoda fashion expert Ilya Vakhoshkin, warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the main thing is not its model or style, but relevance.
"Velvet requires evening light, so such a jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a formal event," explains Vakhoshkin. - It is suitable also for those cases, if in the invitation the dress-code "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie" is specified.
Another important criterion, the observance of which allows making a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of his buyer.
"A man in a velvet jacket, first of all, must acquire the right advanced hangout with affluence," say the authors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion "Handsome Brammell. - The owners of velvet jackets tend to belong to the caste of those people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to timed social events, where the dress code is always specified.
Ilya Vakhoshkin suggests combining a velvet jacket with the same smart things: classic pants with arrows, solid color shirts, silk ties, loafers with tassels, cufflinks.
Things that are too simple and casual will look out of place.
Fashion experts from "Handsome Brammell" are sure: the appearance of an ordinary employee in a velvet jacket at a corporate party will also be inappropriate, but if we are talking about "the head of those who run this event - "yes", for him such a thing in the theme.
If the employee is of a lower rank, but his aim is to move up in a complex company hierarchy or to knock out financial bonuses, it is better to not wear a velvet jacket.
The management will definitely assess this with the phrase "the wrong man for the wrong hat", - think the editors of the Telegram-channel about men's fashion.
Very ambiguous feelings from the voice.
It is an unnatural timbre, so forcedly drawn.
And it is not associated with a pretty face of a young girl.
To be honest, I do not understand the admiration of others.
But with all my heart I wish you good luck in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is paid for.
Billions of dollars in investments.
Are they sad?
No, the price of electricity has gone up.
Conventional energy industry is also not in trouble - gas, oil, and coal were all bought cheaper than they sell them now.
Fuel is in wild demand.
A penny drops.
And then who loses out?
The average buyer, as usual.
Do the problems of the Indians concern the sheriff?
So we should not think of Western politicians as idiots who "overslept" the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a handsome bribe.
I didn't see a single good-looking person in the pictures in the article.
Just mediocre within the average passenger.
Maybe if such characters are so sure of their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole car, they probably won't get a seat.
But only because of the mental disorder and ignorance of such "handsome person(s)," but certainly not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "A slave who is conscious of his slave position and struggles against it is a revolutionary.
The slave who is unconscious of his slavery and wanders in silent, unconscious and voiceless slave life is simply a slave.
The slave who drools when he smugly describes the charms of the slave life and admires the good and good master is a boor, a boor.
Immunologist says revaccination in four to five months will help protect against the "omicron" strain of coronavirus
Revaccination in four to five months can protect against a new strain of coronavirus infection "omicron".
This statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called vaccination in six months, given the emergence of the new strain, "a very long period."
"With previous strains, such a period was normal, but now it is best to conduct the procedure in five months, and for people with chronic diseases - in four," the expert said, calling for a revaccination campaign in parallel with the vaccination campaign.
Kryuchkov also noted that early revaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
"If a person has had two vaccinations and a booster, or has been over-vaccinated and over-vaccinated, or vaccinated and over-vaccinated, then he or she has received 'hybrid immunity,' that is, antibodies are plentiful and neutralizing enough," the expert specified.
"G7" warned Russia of "large-scale consequences" in the case of an invasion of Ukraine
The "Big Seven" countries (Great Britain, Germany, Italy, Canada, USA, France and Japan) published a statement after the meeting of the foreign ministers in Liverpool.
It stressed that Russia's "military aggression" against Ukraine "will have enormous consequences and will cost Moscow dearly," but the document did not describe specific measures.
"We, the foreign ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military build-up and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine," the statement said.
The ministers further urged Russia to "de-escalate, use diplomatic channels and comply with its international obligations regarding military transparency," as U.S. President Biden said during a Dec. 7 video call to Russian President Putin.
"We reaffirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk agreements to resolve the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the G7 foreign ministers also said.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have enormous consequences and a serious price to pay in return," they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, and to the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future.
We welcome Ukraine's restrained position.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response," the statement also said.
Earlier in the day, the head of British diplomacy, Elizabeth Truss, said that Russia would face "serious consequences" if it invades Ukraine.
She said the meeting showed "a united voice of the G7 countries, which account for 50 percent of world GDP and have made it very clear that an invasion of Ukraine would have enormous consequences for Russia."
Pfizer vaccine found to be 32 times less effective against Omicron strain
The effectiveness of the vaccine from the company Pfizer-BioNTech against the omicron strain of coronavirus is 32 times less effective compared to other types of the disease.
This is the conclusion reached by scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, the South China Morning Post (SCMP) reports.
The vaccine was found to be less effective based on a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the drug from COVID-19.
"We see that most people had high levels of antiviral activity against the original Sars-CoV-2 variant, but this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variant," Professor Malik Peiris told SCMP.
At the same time, the scientists stressed that the vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against the serious course of the disease when infected with coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of a coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the impact of the omicron strain.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain could cause a new wave of virus circulation and increased mortality if additional measures are not taken.
Ukrainian Defense Minister accused the FRG of blocking NATO arms deliveries to Kiev
Ukrainian Defense Minister Oleksiy Reznikov accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Kiev's acquisition of lethal weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-sniper systems and anti-drone rifles.
However, it is noted that Berlin later softened its stance on the rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the defense minister, Kiev intends to seek to acquire the aforementioned weapons as part of bilateral agreements with its allies.
In particular, the USA, the UK, Lithuania and France are involved.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government led by Chancellor Olaf Scholz on allowing arms supplies to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine's ambassador to Germany Andriy Melnyk expressed the opinion that Kiev should not expect Berlin to supply arms under Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous FRG leadership explained its refusal to provide weapons by the risk of a military escalation of the conflict in Donbas, despite Russia's "occupation" of part of Ukrainian territory.
The diplomat is sure that Germany will maintain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky said that Kiev expects help from Berlin to equip its navy.
Ukraine expects Germany "to be a partner of Ukraine in the technical sense," the president added.
It was also noted that Robert Habek, co-chairman of the Green Party of Germany, visited the republic this spring, where he advocated the sale of defensive armaments to Kiev.
Sergei NOSOV 2, no, bad eyesight had nothing to do with it.
"E" instead of "E" typed?
Miss a lot of commas?
That's why you spell it instead of spit it.
No, you're illiterate.
And for a philologist, it's a disgrace.
Game set "Fishing": e / f light, sound, included playing field, 2 rods, 5 figures, battery. 3 AA not included, Kor.
Electric children's fishing - a fun and useful toy for child development.
While playing, your child will exercise fine motor skills, develop dexterity, accuracy and attention.
Once the toy is turned on, 5 miniature fish start to move briskly through the simulated pond to a cheerful melody.
The task of the child - to catch them all on the hook!
You can play by yourself or together: the kit includes 2 fishing rods.
The toy runs on 3 1.5 V AA batteries (not included).
The size of the playing field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +.
In Moscow, they've named the winners of the Arsenyev Award - Rossiyskaya Gazeta
Awarding ceremony for the winners of the third season of the All-Russian literary prize "The Far East" named after Arsenyev - Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
В. K. Arsenyev was held in Moscow.
According to the prize page on Instagram, the organizing committee received a total of 89 applications this season.
The selection has passed 63.
The leaders in the number of submitted works were Primorsky and Khabarovsk regions - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works in three nominations: "Long prose", "Short prose" and "Prose for children" were nominated.
Nine works were shortlisted - three in each category.
Alexander Filkin (Primorsky Krai) won in the "Long Prose" category with his book "Gospel Inscription.
The award was presented to the winner by Yury Trutnev, the Deputy Prime Minister and Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District.
The winner in the category "Short Prose" was Lyubov Bezbakh (Sakhalin Region) with her work "Whispering of Night Rain.
She received the award from Alexey Chekunkov, Minister of the Russian Federation for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic.
Trans-Baikal writer Nina Belomestnova and her "Golden Thread" won in the category "Children's Prose".
The author was awarded by the screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 500 thousand rubles.
Let's remind, within the limits of the award "The Far East" authors of the best works on the Far East subjects are awarded.
The basic task of the award is not only to award winners and to tell about modern authors, but also to draw cultural interest to the Far East as territory of priority development of the XXI century.
Novels, novellas, collections of novellas or stories, as well as documentary prose and memoirs can be nominated.
The author's place of residence doesn't matter, the main thing is to write in Russian.
The official website of the prize is: https://премияарсеньева.рф/.
Frying pan, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble color, 4278884.
Cookware Kukmara "marble" is made of cast aluminum and covered with innovative non-stick, water-based marble coating, enhanced with superhard mineral particles.
Features of cookware series "Marble".
Considerable thickness of the walls and bottom excludes deformation of the body, guarantees durability and provides the necessary strength of coating.
High-strength non-stick marble coating on a water basis is strengthened with extra-hard mineral particles.
Environmentally friendly non-stick coating free from PFOA (perfluorinated carbonic acid).
Perfect distribution of heat over the whole surface of the cookware, long-lasting heat retention.
Possibility of using a minimum amount of fat.
Non-stick marble coating is applied by spraying which guarantees an exceptional resistance of coating during exploitation.
Small scratches and small scratches on the surface of the cauldron do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the cookware.
Products do not stick and retain their taste.
It is possible to cook delicious and healthy food without adding oil, just like on hot stones.
Thickened bottoms up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomic design.
Easy to clean.
Suitable for all stove types except induction stoves.
Can be washed in the dishwasher.
Wall consists of 6 layers, inner coating - "marble".
Heavy-duty non-stick, water-based coating enriched with ultrastrong mineral particles.
Reinforced ground layer.
Rough surface layer for better coating adhesion.
Cast aluminum body up to 6 mm thick.
External non-stick coating "marble".
Cookware Kukmara will transform the ordinary process of cooking into a pleasant and easy task for any housewife.
Years... many years ago I made the same remodeling.
I combined the hall with the kitchen.
The apartment has three rooms.
It was.
Of course, the project, the permit, the new technical passport, everything according to the law.
In the hallway made a bookcase and a large walk-in closet.
The door to the kitchen was laid out, and it created a lot of space.
For almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we have never regretted what was done.
Of the mistakes - instead of a bath installed a shower stall.
A hundred times I regretted it!
I only recently realized that I love rum.
But the wonderful world of rum I have not yet discovered for myself, except for Bacardi and Captain Morgan.
What else do you recommend, and where would be a great place to start this wonderful introduction?
I, too, have had the disease.
I will not do vaccination.
I came to the Black Sea for "rehabilitation".
Only with the weather was unlucky.
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds will not settle in brightly colored houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus paint and other chemical compounds will scare away the birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thank you, I will definitely try it.
And what does this have to do with Japan?
Thanks for the recipe.
What kind of apples do you have to put in this recipe?
It's really good.
I also add some onions and a green apple.
Give it a try.
Recently, the zombie newscaster said that the automobile industry is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
On the screen there was a table showing which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (apparently, microcontroller chips).
Russia was not on the list.
That's it!
In the U.S., with their expensive labor force profitable, and in Russia, not profitable!
And my mother-in-law used to torment me.
I feel sorry for her, she is not with us.
If I had seen good from her, things might have been different.
But apart from hatred, gossip, and scandals, I can't recall anything special.
I pity her, she lived her life in anger.
"Mercedes has lodged a protest against the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
The German Mercedes team, whose driver Lewis Hamilton at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix finished second behind Red Bull driver Max Verstappen, has filed a protest against the final result of the race, according to the press service of the Formula 1.
"Mercedes believes that Formula One rules 48.12 and 48.8 were violated during the race.
In the first case, the German team is challenging the judges' decision to return lap drivers to one lap with the leaders.
According to the second - Verstappen was ahead of Hamilton to the allowed "restart" zone.
We should add that now the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen beat Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the world championship of Formula 1 are preliminary, when will be considered protests "Mercedes" is not known
G7 warned Russia of responsibility for invasion of Ukraine
G7 foreign ministers warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues military aggression against Ukraine, the parties said in a final statement.
The meeting also noted that they condemned the strengthening of the Russian armed forces near the country's borders.
"Russia should have no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," said a statement published on the U.K. government website.
G7 ministers and the EU high representative said they were "united in their condemnation of Russia's armed escalation and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine."
British Foreign Secretary Elizabeth Truss at a press conference in Liverpool warned of "great consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We have made it clear that any invasion would have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to renounce aggression towards Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier at the Liverpool summit, G7 foreign ministers agreed that the parties needed to return to the negotiating table to resolve the crisis over the Russian troop build-up on the border with Ukraine.
They were talking about negotiations in the Normandy format.
The North Atlantic Alliance was also in favor of dialogue on Ukraine in the Normandy format.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "signed themselves incapable of taking responsibility for their own mistakes.
Homsu Diamond waist bag.
The Diamond waist bag is great for sports, travel or just hanging out.
It is easy to carry, roomy, and made of durable and lightweight fabric.
The main compartment opens with a zipper so you can easily do it even on the go.
Stylish and bright design will be perfect for those ladies who really have a subtle taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and belt length of 40 to 60 cm, so it fits a variety of things, from a passport to a cell phone.
The material allows you to easily wash the waist bag using a variety of household detergents.
A special strap size adjuster can be used for convenience.
Ways to get back money stolen through online stores revealed
There are several ways to recover money stolen through online stores and not to become a victim of fraud in the future.
They were disclosed by information security experts in a conversation with RBC.
So, to reduce the risk of large losses, if bank card data fall into the hands of hackers, it is recommended to keep the main funds on the card or bank account, which are not used for online shopping.
A portion of the savings could be put away in a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend that you create a separate card for online shopping.
If money was stolen while shopping in stores that do not use the protective technology 3D Secure, you can run a refund procedure.
"Within the rules established by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions carried out without the use of 3D Secure, the responsibility lies with the participant in the chain of payments who does not use this service", - clarified the representative of Promsvyazbank.
Artur Zaremba, an expert of the international payment provider Ecommpay, stressed that customer has the right to apply to the bank to dispute the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the offender used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authorization, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online retailers themselves return the money to the client, if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19 the member of Public chamber, director of League of safe Internet Ekaterina Mizulina informed that only in 2021 there were 11 thousand appeals on various cases of fraud: from sale of fake documents to stealing of personal data.
According to her, the creation of a single window for complaints against online fraudsters could be an effective solution in the current circumstances.
Scholz arrives in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU legislation
Newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the migrant crisis on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the Russian troop build-up near Ukraine's borders and the situation with Russia's Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline.
Although Scholz declared his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for years to come, the leaders of the two countries have expressed unambiguous expectations of each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he would urge Scholz to oppose Nord Stream 2, which is supposed to bring Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Morawiecki, Russia may use the pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
For its part, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stem the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin said it would help Warsaw and Brussels to resolve this crisis.
Poland's judicial system, however, remains a point of contention.
The European Court of Justice fined Poland, finding that judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violated EU law.
Poland has refused to pay the fine, and its highest court has ruled that national law takes precedence over EU rules.
Germany's new government, sworn in Wednesday despite Polish and U.S. demands, has made no public commitment to stop Nord Stream 2 if Russia invades Ukraine.
U.S. officials have told members of Congress that they have reached an understanding with Germany to stop the pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior U.S. congressional official said Tuesday.
German officials did not confirm the reports, but Scholz on Wednesday warned of consequences if Russia violated Ukraine's border, a position confirmed by G-7 officials on Sunday.
Dimitri, look closely.
The view outside the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
The wall between the kitchen and the room was removed, so you can partially see the second window.
And in general, those who are not familiar with the original layout have doubts.
And I know such apartments very well and see very well how it was redesigned.
May all be well with them.
It always amazes me when they write about the means to clean the sink, toilet, window sills, faucets.
Do you wash them once a year at Easter, that you have to wash them.
Just don't let them get dirty.
The Ministry of Science and Technologies wants to give writers residencies.
The state will give the future Foundation for the Support of Russian Writers the federal property, inherited from the USSR Union of Writers and the USSR Literary Fund.
The foundation will be converted into writer's residencies, as the Ministry of Digital Economy, which will act as the foundation's founder, told the Parlamentskaya Gazeta newspaper.
The Ministry of Digital Arts is preparing a draft presidential decree to establish a fund to support Russian literary figures.
The explanatory note specifies that the foundation will be charged with taking care of, among other things, the intended use and preservation of buildings and structures which once belonged to the Soviet Union of Writers and the Litfond.
"In the property of the Russian Federation has transferred a significant amount of real estate, formerly owned by the Literary Fund of the USSR, including facilities located in the town of writers Peredelkino, in the village of Komarovo Leningrad region, and others", - said "the Parliamentary newspaper" in the press service of the Ministry of Culture.
The draft decree prescribes to reflect in the charter of the Fund that it "is created in order to promote literary activities by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers.
"The "creation of conditions for creative work" means the creation of writers' residencies in different regions of Russia on the basis of the transferred property, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creative work," the Ministry of Digital explained to our publication.
520 rubles for one sliced tomato?
Cheese flatbread is literally a layer of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
Three slices of fish in a beaker for 570...
No, it certainly looks delicious, but the price is simply inadequate.
Apparently, there are only rich people at Belorusskaya.
Doctors warned of the dangers of prolonged use of blood thinners after COVID-19 and before vaccinations
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned of the dangers of uncontrolled use of blood thinners after the disease COVID-19 and before vaccination for coronavirus.
Irina Yartseva, general practitioner, immunologist, said that self-prevention of possible blood clots after COVID-19 may provoke a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood thinners are not intended for everyone, only if the patient has been hospitalized, has been in the hospital, and has been diagnosed with complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood thinning drugs that prevent excessive clot formation) when indicated.
She said that now everyone takes anticoagulants for a long time, and then gets complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (brain hemorrhage).
Sergey Tokarev, chief prophylactologist of the Urals Federal District and scientific leader of the Society of Preventive Medicine Specialists, told URA.RU that Russians often take anticoagulants indiscriminately even before vaccination for coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens believe dubious advice on the Internet and begin to self-medicate.
There are citizens who start taking anticoagulants a week before vaccination by their own decision.
And during the preliminary examination before vaccination doctors notice bruises.
He emphasized that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without finding out the cause of any symptom.
Potatoes were called a superfood for protection against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and accessible vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and micronutrients that contribute to the work of the internal organs.
It helps with heart disease by improving blood circulation and reducing cholesterol levels, Semana reports.
Today, heart disease is the leading cause of early human death.
To improve the situation, you need not only to be treated, but also to eat right.
One of the helpers in this situation will be a common potato.
According to scientists, this root vegetable is very rich in vitamins B1, B3, B6, and there is also very important for the body vitamin C.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic acid and pantothenic acid.
Micronutrients help all the body's internal systems work efficiently.
Among other things, the root vegetable fights natural age-related disorders in the body, contains a lot of useful fiber for the gastrointestinal tract.
With regular consumption, it can be a prevention of atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A lady came to look at an apartment.
I came from another city to show her.
The ad had detailed photos and a description of the apartment.
She was extremely unhappy, because there was no "fancy" kitchen and "fancy" balcony.
The woman has nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, while people waste their time.
About 145 thousand teenagers were vaccinated with the first component against COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information on vaccination of teenagers, pregnant and nursing women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, reports MIA Kazinform with reference to IMC on non-proliferation of COVID-19.
Twenty people died of coronavirus and pneumonia in a day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely serious condition - Ministry of Health of Kazakhstan Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" for the coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, 181,037 people have been vaccinated with Pfizer first dose and 14,580 with the second dose.
Of these, the first dose was given to adolescents 144,613, pregnant women 10,645, and lactating women 25,779.
Second dose: adolescents 10,690, pregnant women 1,141, breastfeeding women 2,749.
Plumber who found money in church wall gets $20,000
The plumber, who found the money in the wall of the church in the U.S. state of Texas, will be paid a reward.
It is reported in a press release of the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident took place in a large evangelical church Lakewood, where pastor Joel Osteen preaches and promises wealth and prosperity to devout Christians.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cowley was repairing one of the church toilets and found thousands of bags of money and checks under the insulation.
He handed the find over to the church and, he said, didn't even get a thank you from Austin.
"I wanted to hear him say, 'You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could have done,'" KPRC-TV quoted him as saying.
The find appears to be related to a theft that took place at Lakewood Church seven years ago.
About $200,000 in cash and $400,000 in checks, which were stored in the church safe, went missing then.
The money was insured, so the church suffered no loss.
Nevertheless, a $25,000 reward was posted for information about the perpetrators.
Justin Cowley could not qualify for this amount because the reward had already expired.
Despite this, Crime Stoppers of Houston, a nonprofit organization that once gave $5,000 to the award and later received another $20,000 in donations from Lakewood Church, decided to reward the plumber's honesty.
He will receive $20,000.
It was previously reported that police questioned Pastor Joel Osteen about the money found in Lakewood Church's wall.
Tanya, her statements, her actions are what characterize her "as a real person."
That's why her attitude is so negative.
And it's not that "she's financially richer than all the scribes," as they write here.
There are people richer, but not all behave so brazenly, so defiantly, as this madam.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190h190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
At the heart of the block TFK (256 springs per square meter).
Springs independent of each other contribute to the proper distribution of the load.
Coconut coir (material made of coconut palm tree fibers) is used as a filler.
Between the filling and the spring block is placed layers of felt.
Both sides of the mattress are above medium hardness.
Removable Jacquard fabric Sense: 5 % cotton, 95 % polyester.
Fabric density 116 g/m².
Simple and delicious again.
I was looking for chicken recipes on your page.
We were given a chicken.
It was raised in their farm by friends of ours.
It weighs over four kilos.
I want to make it tastier.
I want to find a recipe for beer-battered chicken.
Have you ever tried that?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes "from the Internet".
New case of human infection with bird flu virus detected in China
A new case of human infection with the avian influenza virus of the highly pathogenic H5N6 variety has been detected in China.
This was reported by RTHK radio station with reference to the notification of the health authorities in Hong Kong, TASS reported.
The infection has infected a 68-year-old resident of the Huizhou urban district in the southern province of Guangdong, who kept poultry.
His condition has been assessed by medics as critical.
The world's first human infection with the H5N6 virus strain was recorded in May 2014 in southwestern Sichuan province.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
Brazil has made it compulsory for citizens to show vaccination passports when entering the country
Brazil has compelled to require vaccination passports for those entering the territory of the state, a decision was made by a judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF) Luiz Roberto Barroso.
This is reported by CNN Brasil.
Citizens with contraindications to vaccination are exempt from presenting the certificate of vaccination.
Also on the list of exemptions are those arriving from countries where there is a proven lack of vaccine.
"The situation is even more serious when you consider that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year's, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which suggests an increase in tourist traffic," Barroso noted.
Earlier, Brazilian authorities obliged tourists unvaccinated against coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
Full protection scheme against COVID-19 has been disclosed
Dr. Anatoly Altstein, virologist, Merited Scientist of Russia, told Ura.ru about the scheme of complete protection against coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by injecting and applying a nasal vaccine.
In nasal administration, large amounts of immunoglobulins A are formed. This does not happen with the injection of the vaccine.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucosa, so the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside after the vaccination we have the most immunoglobulin G (antibodies) produced.
And if you give both vaccines, you get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But there is no decision on double vaccination yet," said the doctor.
Sergey Tokarev, Chief Prophylactologist of the Urals Federal District, Doctor of Medical Sciences, in his turn, stated that the main advantage of nasal vaccination combined with injection vaccination is the possibility to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that it would help that in this case the protection of the body should presumably become maximal.
Earlier the Minister of Public Health of Nizhny Novgorod region David Melik-Guseinov stated that spread of new coronavirus infection among children will lead to a new outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic.
According to him, this is the pattern observed in other countries, where the next pandemic wave came earlier.
Inna, hmmm.
I had this conversation with my male dog (died long ago) - if you're ready to trade a warm home, food, affection, love and games for a heifer bitch, then go ahead.
But the dog was trained and clever in general.
He chose my company and went home.
The video shows a method that works 90% of the time.
Not from the ceiling, believe me.
I have slowed down many owners not to run after the dog, even though they wailed that over there, 200 thousand run away (pomski), just took my hand and led him in the other direction.
In the end, the "200,000" chose the owner over the dog that was running somewhere out there.
Mass protests by vaccination opponents continue unabated in Europe
In the Austrian capital of Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed their dissatisfaction with restrictive measures and the plans of the authorities to make vaccination against covid mandatory.
Starting next February, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
Spanish people, outraged by the authorities' health policies, marched peacefully in Madrid.
Some held placards reading "This is a false pandemic," "I will not be vaccinated.
A large protest against the health passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, the covid certificate is mandatory for access to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment venues.
The decision to introduce health passports was taken by the authorities of several regions of the country against the background of an increase in the number of cases of coronavirus infection.
In Luxembourg more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then developed into clashes with the policemen.
A group of demonstrators started throwing stones at the policemen.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nikolai S., there is not even a consensus on this, even on Wikipedia.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also labeled as "the first Russian doctor, doctor of medicine," probably because she began her studies earlier.
Let's just not argue, I think they both deserve the title.
There is only one thing I agree with Zakharova: Americans have brought only death and plunder to any country wherever they have appeared.
Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185 mattress.
Symmetric mattress of natural coconut coir on TFK spring block.
This mattress is hard, on both sides it is surrounded by layers of natural coconut.
At the base of this mattress is TFK block of independent springs.
Independent springs contribute to the proper distribution of the load, and help the body to take its natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
The cover of natural jacquard is firm, wear-resistant and pleasant to the touch.
It's bad and sad to grow old alone, but it's inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad when you read about it.
A person should live as long as they can serve themselves and not be a burden to anyone.
Good health to all.
WHO has already detected omicron in six dozen countries
The World Health Organization (WHO) has announced that a new strain of the coronavirus Omicron has already been identified in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already saying that the spread of the new strain could have catastrophic consequences.
The rate of spread of the strain was reported by the WHO.
As of December 9, the strain has already been identified in 63 countries in all six WHO regions.
This is despite the fact that it began to spread actively only since late November.
WHO also expresses its concern over the high rate of spread of the new variant of coronavirus.
WHO experts are concerned that the new strain, according to preliminary data, may outpace the "delta" strain, also the Indian variant of the coronavirus, which is now leading in all absolutely all countries without exception.
Previously, the director general of the World Health Organization, Tedros Adhanom Gebreyesus, said that the Omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in Great Britain.
Experts at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that Omicron will displace Delta in the coming months.
And the number of ill people only in Britain will be about 1 million. This is despite the fact that officially "omikron" at the moment in the Kingdom a few hundred people are sick, and according to estimates up to 10 thousand.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the "Omicron" strain, and at its peak more than 2,000 people will be taken to hospital daily.
This is something the British health system will not be able to cope with.
The situation is complicated by the fact that, according to recent studies, the effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the Omicron strain is 32 times less effective than the rest of the disease.
How Russia's Sputnik V responds to Omicron is not yet known - that will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has just begun testing a Russian vaccine on the omicron strain.
Why do we need to see the stages of aging?
It would be better to SEE the performance of your exercises in more detail.
It is not clear in the first exercise how to do: sitting on your heels or standing on your knees, as it is written, but then how to rest your hands on your hips?
Or with your hands on your waist?
Curious Squirrel, you're right, communication on the Internet is quite different, they communicate easily and casually, while in person and there is nothing to say.
And to see the person in person, perhaps it's not what you expected, not hooked - hence the attitude.
When he meets his own person, then his views will change.
And again they call the Soviet period "the time of demons.
Back then people believed in God more honestly than today.
And were brought up practically according to God's laws (love for neighbor, do not steal, etc.).
What is the ideology today - money at any price.
Chatterers like Globa have little faith (and none at all), but even so, the time of demons came in the 90's...
Our St. Petersburg, or rather Leningrad commune with Bolshaya Zelenina keeps in touch until now.
Of course, we are not the closest of friends, but we try to preserve the warmth of the relationship between the older generation.
This may be due to the fact that there were no newcomers in the apartment, we did not rent rooms, and nobody cancelled the brotherhood of the siege.
Unfortunately, we see each other more and more often at funerals.
Lara Angelskaya, come on!
Human babies, especially male, strong, agile energetic, mad, pushing, fighting, fighting, just like their little "brethren" in nature!
Too bad that they are not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bruises, scratches - a common thing, but no boomerang!
And why?
He pushed his little brother, not calculating his strength?
And you're always right such a dexterous that no one has ever accidentally hit no one and itself has not once injured?
SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm mattress.
The mattress with Bonnel spring block Wave Space BS (Wave Space BS) has moderate firmness on both sides.
Comfort layers of the mattress are a combination of coconut slab and artificial latex with ErgoFoam - a relief surface.
The cover of the product is made of cotton jacquard fabric.
It is durable and wear-resistant but with good air flow without obstructing the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is quilted with synthetic padding which makes it soft.
Practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coconut coir has anti-microbial properties, it is hard, evenly distributes its weight.
Artificial latex with cellular cut surface provides the mattress with micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
Bonnel block, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it can withstand heavy loads, well suited for couples with a small weight difference.
Around the perimeter of the product is strengthened by the box of PPU - it prolongs the life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation around the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennett announces the start of vaccinations in schools
Israel's Ministry of Health begins an emergency program to increase vaccinations beginning Sunday.
Coronavirus vaccinations have been administered in schools throughout Israel since the morning of December 12.
Jewish Prime Minister Naftali Bennett said at today's cabinet meeting that a fourth dose of vaccines will also be studied for at-risk citizens.
In Israel, mass vaccination of the population against the coronavirus infection COVID-19 began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are vaccinated with a Pfizer product.
Vaccinated people began receiving a second dose on January 10 of the same year.
Vaccination of adolescents ages 12-15 in this country began in early June this year.
More than 5.78 million people have now received both doses of the vaccine, and more than 4.12 million citizens have received the third dose.
Anna Gower, well, the tick probably won't crawl on a trap, it's a POWERFUL, as LYALA put it.
Anyway, I don't see a tick.
But I'm curious, what if there is one?
I have to give him something else to tempt him.
Children's mattress Dimax Genius 70x190.
Children's double-sided mattress of natural latex and natural coconut coir on the basis of independent spring block EVS500.
Children's non-spring mattress of latex and coconut on the independent spring block.
Natural latex is soft elastic material, environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes the most comfortable sleep.
On the reverse side the mattress is of medium hardness, comfortable, and made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
At the base of the mattress is a block of independent springs.
The springs accurately and evenly distribute the load on the surface of the mattress supporting the body in its natural position.
An excellent option for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
Material is durable, hard-wearing, not prone to abrasions.
In Brazil, seven people died as a result of heavy rains
The heavy rains in the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and the neighboring Minas Gerais caused at least seven people killed and 175 injured.
This was reported in TASS with reference to the rescue services.
An extratropical cyclone has been raging on the border of these states since mid-week, bringing rainfall levels in the region to 450 mm. A state of emergency was declared in 25 municipalities of the state of Bahia, in some of which the floods were the most devastating in 35 years.
Natural disasters destroyed several bridges, two river dams, blocked the traffic on three highways.
According to the rescuers, about 5.7 thousand people were left homeless, 6.7 thousand more were forced to leave their homes.
Damage from the disaster affected more than 85 thousand inhabitants of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol ointment, I work with medication.
It relieves inflammation well.
Personally, I like Bepanten better for regeneration of surface wounds and abrasions, but you know better what is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is going on, such a hole was just creepy.
Hola, España, you haven't heard me or understood me.
I'll answer in lines of M. Isakovsky: "The migratory birds fly away to look for the past summer.
They're flying to hot countries,but I don't want to fly away,but I'm staying with you,my dear side!\n
I don't need no other sun, I don't need no other land.
And believe me, the pictures from the park where I was skiing or my city will be just as good.
Much, by the way, it would be much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist wax crayons, 12 colors, twistable, in a plastic case.
A set of 12 colorful wax crayons in a plastic case with twistable shaft.
Does not crumble, does not stain the hands, absolutely safe.
No need for sharpening.
Housing made of high quality, strong plastic.
Reusable packaging: ziplock bag.
$135 billion gone to apps - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending in apps grew by 25% worldwide and the number of downloads increased by 8%.
Various video services were the most popular worldwide.
Users downloaded the CapCut video editor the most, and spent the most on YouTube.
Both the number of downloads of applications and the spending of users in them showed a significant increase from January to November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. Even more significantly increased the spending of users in the applications: by 25%, to a record $ 135 billion.
These data were published by analytical company App Annie in its report about mobile application market in 2021.
In 2021, the global economy emerged from lockdown and began a post-pandemic recovery.
"Will such a 'return to the physical' slow the growth of the app economy? Not at all," according to the report's authors.
India was the leader in the number of app downloads, accounting for about 20% of all downloads.
It is followed by the U.S. (9%) and Brazil (8%).
Users of iOS gadgets, as before, spent more than Android users: iOS accounted for 65% of all expenses in applications.
Among apps, the first place in the number of downloads for 2021 was the video editor CapCut.
It is followed by two Indian apps: video service MX TakaTak and online trading app Meesho.
Telegram is also in the top 10 in terms of downloads.
In general, judging by the number of downloads, popular among users are VPN services (there are two in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to the creation and broadcasting of video (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak in the top 10 includes two such services - Moj and SnackVideo).
"Users spent the most in live streaming and online streaming apps," the report's authors note.
YouTube leads the way here, and the top five in terms of user spending also include video service TikTok, streaming video services Disney+ and HBO Max, as well as Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma.
Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok are at the top of the monthly number of active users, while the mobile version of Microsoft Office closes the top five.
In Russia, the leader in the number of downloads for the year was the shopping app AliExpress.
It is followed by the service Zenly, which shows the location of friends, and all the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 applications are: online karaoke StarMaker, online clothing retailer Shein, the application Maps for Minecraft PE, online cab ordering service DiDi, the client for YouTube Pure Tuber, the application retailer "Dixie" and online store "Samokat.
Around the world, people have adapted to the pandemic through the transition to life on mobile, which can be called one of the main conclusions.
The industries that have had the most success have been those that have helped people be closer both virtually and in person," commented Lexi Sidow, head of market research at App Annie.
Revenue in the mobile games sector reached $90 billion in 2021. The leaders in the number of downloads were casual and hyper-casual games that have no or almost no plot, and video design is minimal.
In the top 3 most popular games in the world are Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY are the most popular games.
Earlier App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends of next year, the company's analysts named the growth of the number of users of TikTok to 1.5 billion, the increasing popularity of Generation Z financial applications, such as Robinhood investor application, as well as a further increase in the popularity of metaverse mobile games.
Clan De File dog treat with beef, 30 pcs. 40 g.
Natural beef jerky treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Clan De File is a meat filet for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
A natural jerky treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Only one type of protein is used in the preparation - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, so the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the treat is a fillet of meat, processed according to the quality standards used in the preparation of food for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily ration: no more than 10% of the daily ration for adults.
Energy values: 407 kcal.
Ingredients: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: protein - 57, fat - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
The Russians were warned about a new fraud scheme
Attackers began to look for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
This is reported by the "Izvestia" with reference to experts.
According to the director on products of company Ivideon Zaur Abutalimov, the main danger, which is connected with spreading of video communications, is dipfakes.
In this case, the fraudsters create a fake video on the basis of real records involving the victim.
Thanks to this neural network can accurately reproduce the features of the behavior of a person.
Abutalimov added that using dipfake, attackers can call friends of the victim via video call or create a video with a copy of the person to send out for blackmail.
"Such spoofs can easily provoke bullying because a savvy attacker can put people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scenarios," the expert said.
For his part, Varonis leading systems engineer Alexander Vetkol noted that psychologically people trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this can create specific risks when it comes to technology using video.
David, I'll add.
In what I wrote above, my emphasis was that I was buying all of this in a small town where the local mentality didn't allow for much makeup and walking around in short skirts and showing stockings and tights on your legs.
This is the province, but there were such goods in the store.
In large cities, Muslim women also wore makeup and showed their thighs.
This was also the case in Dushanbe, which is a large city, the capital of the republic.
There are a lot of fashionable women, but the same cosmetics are not available.
Here are five steps to avoid diabetes
Problems with blood sugar levels are among the most common in the world.
However, some people don't attach much importance to it, and for good reason.
Diabetes mellitus can eventually lead to severe complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a major role in preventing the formation of the disease.
For example, doctors recommend changing your drinking regime - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to plain water has a positive effect on your metabolism.
Sugary foods increase blood sugar levels to a dangerous level when consumed in excessive quantities.
Therefore, the first step towards a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and storing them at home.
Not only improper diet, but also habits influence the appearance of the disease.
To reduce the risks of diabetes, you need to move a lot.
Experts advise sticking to a low-carbohydrate diet.
Such a diet will not only help to reduce weight, but also protect against sudden fluctuations in sugar levels.
Eating plenty of fiber is necessary to protect against diabetes.
Dietary fiber fills the stomach and thus contributes to a feeling of fullness, the release of digestive juices and increased digestion.
GAVRICH Pink Bush F1 Tomato Seeds 0.10g, part number 4241014.
A low-growing early bif-tomato with abundant fruiting for growing in the open air and under temporary film shelters.
The plant is determinant, with short internodes.
Fruits are large, rich pink, fairly dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn leaves, well stored.
The flesh is juicy, with a sugary taste.
The hybrid has resistance to a complex of diseases.
Recommended for the preparation of salads, snacks and slices.
Sowing in seedlings: late March - early April.
Prickling - in the phase of the first true leaf.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After planting in the open ground plants are formed and tied up.
MIC SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has energy efficiency class A, which allows you to consume noticeably less electricity when working.
The freezer will be perfectly suitable both for a private house and for an apartment thanks to the use in it of high-quality low-noise compressors and perfect noise insulation.
The chamber does not operate any louder than a usual refrigerator.
The quick freezing function freezes the foods in the shortest time and preserves maximum quantity of nutrients.
The Slavda FC-160 chest freezer complies with N/ST climate class which enables it to work unproblematically at the ambient temperature up to +38°C.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature mode control.
Dr. Pavlova told about "weekend migraine" in workaholics
Several factors can lead to worsening of health at the weekend
The reason for the deterioration of health after working weekdays is often a "weekend migraine", said well-known physician-endocrinologist, Ph.D., a senior fellow of the Department of Basic Medicine of Moscow State University, the scientific director of the Clinic of Systemic Medicine Zukhra Pavlova in his Telegram-channel.
According to her, workaholics are particularly often affected, with headaches, brokenness and weakness at the weekend.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to accumulated fatigue during the week, there are many objective reasons for the body's negative reaction to changing conditions.
During the weekend our lives change drastically.
"We sleep a long time, we lie on the couch all day, most likely we eat more and drink less," the doctor argued. - The lack of coffee causes a little withdrawal.
Overeating and lack of water make you feel heavy and broken."
Late rising plays an additional role.
For example, if you get up three hours later than usual, you have a reaction called jetlag.
It occurs in travelers who cross several time zones.
To determine which of the factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of health, Pavlova recommended to trace what changes the most during the weekend.
Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185 mattress.
The reinforced perimeter of high-density foam significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
Mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of firmness, total mattress height 23 cm.
The maximum allowable load for one bed is up to 140 kg.
The base of this mattress is the independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is in a separate fabric pocket which allows to distribute body load properly.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of felt has been added to separate the mattress fillers and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a 2 cm thick layer of coconut coir which gives additional stiffness and durability of the mattress.
Cotton jacquard quilted with 2 cm thick artificial latex and 1 cm thick Hollcon material which gives additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress there is 1 cm thick coconut coir layer and used layer of felt.
The fabric is treated with special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
The impregnation provides complete destruction of mold fungi, does not allow the development of microorganisms, dust mites and bacteria.
The mattress is equipped with four handy handles for turning, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the layers.
Scientists in South Africa said the effectiveness of Pfizer's vaccine against omicron is low
South Africa says low effectiveness of Pfizer vaccine against "omicron"
Scientists in the Republic of South Africa conducted a study and reported low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of coronavirus infection.
It was estimated that it (Omicron neutralization rate) corresponds to a (level of) vaccine efficacy of 22.5% against symptomatic infection, which makes the... questioned the vaccine's ability to protect against infection," said the text of the study published on MedRxiv.
At the same time, experts specified that the drug can save from a severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of coronavirus could cause a new wave of pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in familiar foods?
Sugar is not the best source of healthy nutrients.
Its excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cause cardiovascular disease and cancer.
Consumers should be aware that under an unfamiliar word in the composition of the product there may be hidden sugar - an ingredient similar to sugar in calories, composition and glycemic index.
Several dozen names may appear on the label, essentially denoting sugar.
Some of the most common and common names are glucose and fructose.
There can also be other torn sugars such as dextrose (sugar derived from corn), levulose (fruit sugar), molasses (black molasses), agave syrup, etc.
These are all simple carbohydrates, which belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be not only in confectionery products, but also in ketchup, in doctor's sausage, bread, etc.
As Roskachestvo states, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, and to pay attention to the label and the many different names for sugar.
Different types of sugar taste different, but no matter what the ingredient in the product is called - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it is still sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar, because you have to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the package, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Thus, the total amount of sugar may be much higher than what is listed on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: Gas will no longer be important for Germany in 25 years
The new Chancellor of Germany, Olaf Scholz, said that gas imports would lose importance for Germany as the country continues its transition to decarbonizing the economy.
He said Germany plans to completely abandon gas, oil and coal by 2045, becoming a climate-neutral country.
"That is, in 25 years, the world will be such that the question of transporting gas to Germany and Europe will play a different role," the chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany remains committed to having Ukraine transport Russian natural gas in the future, as the resource is essential to the energy transition at this time.
He recalled that Germany and the USA made a statement recording Berlin's support for Ukraine's energy transformation.
Earlier German Foreign Minister Annalena Berbock said that the process of certification of the Nord Stream - 2 gas pipeline continues.
According to the Minister, within the framework of coalition negotiations and discussion of the coalition agreement it was stated that the European energy law should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline does not yet "comply with the regulations" of the European Union.
Thank you for the interesting photos!
In 1985 I had to go to those lands.
I distinctly remember the ChMES going uphill from Kanatchikovo station, past an old building (looking like a two-story centralization post), along Kanatchikovsky Proyezd, and turning right on to Vavilova Street, to the factory gates...
Hackers hacked Twitter of Indian Prime Minister
Hackers broke into Twitter-account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The attackers managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India allegedly recognized bitcoin as a legal tender, and that the country had already purchased the cryptocurrency.
Modi's office asked them to ignore the new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter responded quickly - access to the account was restored.
India's prime minister's page had already been hacked in 2020 and called for donations to the fund using cryptocurrency.
In a referendum in New Caledonia, the majority voted against independence
In New Caledonia, the third referendum, held on December 12, ended with the same result as the previous two.
According to the first partial results, announced at noon on Sunday, December 12, the majority of New Caledonians voted during the referendum against the independence of their territory.
However, the level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the previous two.
According to preliminary results released by the local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) of New Caledonians voted for independence from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted against it.
Turnout was 43.90%, with a total of more than 80,000 New Caledonians participating in the election.
As France-Presse agency comments on these interim results, "the outcome of this election left no room for doubt", since supporters of independence urged voters not to participate in the vote.
As initiators of the referendum, they opposed it on December 12, arguing that the new outbreak of COVID-19 in the archipelago prevented a full and "fair" campaign.
Thus, this non-participation paved the way for a third victory for supporters of French New Caledonia, following referendums held in November 2018 and in October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence; in 2020, 53.3% voted against it.
According to the separatists, they do not recognize the results of the last vote and will challenge them at the UN.
According to the Elysee Palace on Sunday, December 12, French President Emmanuel Macron is to speak on the results of this referendum.
The topic of New Caledonia's independence has largely animated the last weeks of the French presidential campaign.
Several presidential candidates have argued in favor of keeping the territory within France because it is "the last region of European Union presence in the Pacific."
"New Caledonia must necessarily remain French," Eric Zemmour repeated several times.
The same statement was made by Republican candidate Valérie Pécresse, who published a column in Le Figaro in late October urging Caledonians to remain French.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take a position "because it is not his responsibility."
Nevertheless, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "a strong desire that the choice of Caledonians be the choice of France."
Sveta, oh, hello!
I was a little... ...a little sassy, I'm still embarrassed, ashamed.
Thank you for not turning your back on my channel.
On the subject, I'm not an artist, I love to draw, but it comes out inspired by the artwork.
But as an artist - not an artist at all: what would you change here?
But let's not forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as common as it is now.
But medicine was at zero - leeches, garlic and decoctions.
Now they'd have you back on your feet in no time.
And food had nothing to do with it.
Turkey has tested the world's first drone with laser weapons
Turkey has successfully tested the world's first drone with laser weapons.
Eren" UAV was tested at a range of 100 to 500 meters, reports "MIR24".
The apparatus is able to neutralize explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum flight height of the novelty reaches 3 thousand meters.
After passing appropriate tests, the UAV should go into service of the Turkish military that will use it to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of sappers.
The agency stresses that Turkey is among the six countries in the world capable of developing and producing their own drones.
I cut my pink salmon in steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper and allspice.
Sometimes I added cloves, they don't bother me.
I put it in a deep cup with a saucer on top.
That was it.
I do not know what kind of salmon I need, but pink salmon is an excellent fish for such money.
Bread, butter, pink salmon.
That's a hell of a sandwich.
WSJ readers criticized the article about Russia and US relations.
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized the article written by Christopher Hartwell in which he described his vision of Russia-U.S. relations.
The author of the piece expressed concern that the West was allegedly sacrificing Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow and made a number of insulting remarks about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the end Hartwell called on Western countries "to present a united front against Russia.
The readers of the WSJ expressed their disagreement with the American professor's position.
"There is quite a lot of false information in this article," RIA Novosti quoted one reader as saying.
"Europe is not ours to 'lose,' and Ukraine is not our land.
The U.S. and NATO allies will never engage in a nuclear war with Russia for the sake of Ukraine," noted another.
The patches can also be applied to the lip area.
The hydrogel used in the production of the Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorption and transmission of highly concentrated natural plant essences to the skin, fits tightly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
While transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the accompanying moisture loss and forces the essence to penetrate the deeper layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with Remote Control Nores
The NORES 2085/EL chandelier consists of a metal base and a plastic diffuser.
The diffuser is made from high quality frosted white acrylic. The acrylic diffuser ensures evenly diffused and high light transmission.
The shape of the plafond: square, in the form of a relief ornament with geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots, giving a beautiful effect of "star twinkle" and iridescence.
IP43 degree of protection allows the luminaire to be used in certain wet areas.
Included in the kit is a replaceable LED module with a 72 watt lens, which corresponds to an incandescent lamp of 520 watts.
As well as a remote control that allows you to smoothly change the color temperature of 3000-6000K, change the brightness, switch to a warm/white/cool/night light.
Uriage Thermal Facial Moisturizing Night Mask 50 ml.
Ultra moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rested and radiant skin in the morning!
A real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tones and smoothes the skin and restores its barrier.
Very pleasant, non-sticky water-gel texture.
Excellent after-sun care!
Hypoallergenic.
Earthquake with a magnitude of 5.2 occurred near the Kuril Islands
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is marked that epicenter of this earthquake was located 231.8 km to the North-East from Severo-Kurilsk town.
Origin was located at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier seismologists registered the earthquake with magnitude 7.5 in Peru, which affected ten people.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to make his way in the world, who knows where his petty bourgeois thinking would have gone.
It's a good thing when you come to America as a famous person.
But if you had been born there, no one knows what you would have fought for.
So he vainly poured dirt, bile, and venom on the system, which no one has ever thought of being fairer.
Ukraine will start producing a new generation of jet drones
At the new Ukrainian-Turkish factory will begin to create unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) such as ANKA.
This was announced on December 11 by Alexey Arestovich, a freelance adviser to the head of the Ukrainian president's office.
That is, they are able to act against aerial objects, against other drones.
Even against manned aircraft.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of Turkish avionics: the hull and the like," Dialogue.ua quoted him as saying.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA, Arestovich says that we are talking about the jet, not piston-driven UAVs.
According to him, this is a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceed it "in all characteristics".
The first batch of UAVs should be produced by the plant at the end of next year, Arestovich concluded.
The ANKA drone was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the drone has been conducted by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
The day before, the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems during military operations of the combined forces in Donbas.
On December 6, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said that the construction of a factory to produce modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, the company Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Defense Ministry signed an agreement to build a center in the Kiev region, which will train personnel, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish Bayraktar UAVs.
The press service of the Ukrainian leader's office called the memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from an airport container
Two lions escaped at Singapore's Changi Airport.
It is reported by The Straits Times.
Two predators managed to escape from a container of seven lions that arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore and where they were headed.
One of the escaped lions laid down on the roof of the container.
The animals could not get away from it because of the protective netting installed next to it.
The standoff ended when Mandai Wildlife Group, the zookeepers of Singapore, arrived at the airport.
They immobilized the lions with tranquilizer darts and plan to take them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, a lion escaped from its master and roamed the streets of the city.
The animal voluntarily returned home the same day and no humans were harmed.
Experts warn of cancer threat from vitamin B9
Research suggests that an excess of vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
This was warned by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people who are not deficient in folic acid are less likely to get certain types of cancer, particularly colorectal cancer.
However, in contrast, exceeding the required dose promotes the growth of cancer cells.
University of Alabama at Birmingham nutritionist professor Beth Kitchin advises keeping track of the amount of folic acid consumed throughout the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only if you deviate significantly from this figure up or down.
Kitchin recommends not taking vitamin B9 pills without a doctor's recommendation, be sure to watch the dosage and avoid cereal with milk and other foods that contain folic acid.
Earlier, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows aging.
Because it is found in avocados, among other things, Fine recommended that men after age 50 eat the fruit more often.
About 75,000 people in the UK could die by April because of the Omicron strain
According to forecasts by British scientists, up to 75.000 people may die in the next five months in England due to the spread of omicron strain of coronavirus unless restrictive measures are tightened during winter.
This was reported by The Guardian newspaper with reference to the study of experts of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), TASS reports.
According to the most optimistic forecast of experts who are part of the scientific advisory group on emergency situations to the British Cabinet, by April 2022 in the country will record at least 25 thousand deaths due to omikron strain, and all hospitalized will be about 175 thousand patients.
At the peak of the disease, hospitals will admit more than 2,000 infected people daily.
"Serious coronavirus control measures may be needed to keep the National Health Service from being overwhelmed if the omicron strain proves more contagious than the delta variant and current vaccines cannot rule out infection," said LSHTM mathematician Rosanna Barnard.
Earlier, the U.K. Health Safety Agency informed: if the rate of spread of the omicron strain continues at its current level, about 1 million cases of infection will be detected in the country by the end of the year.
Moreover, the Omicron strain could become dominant in the United Kingdom as early as mid-December.
At the moment in the United Kingdom there are 1898 cases of infection with omicron strain of coronavirus, of which 633 were detected in the last 24 hours.
In this case, December 9 head of the British Ministry of Health Sajid Javid pointed out that in reality the figure may already reach 10 thousand cases.
I wanted to write a clever comment, but I've read it all the way to this point:
"The fur coat, obtained as a result of the unhappy animal's tremendous suffering and his second job."
And fell under the table!
It turns out, "miserable animal" - it's the husband, and I was thinking that the chinchilla!
The last knight on the planet.
Richard Kray, judging by the dislikes, your thoughts are not very accessible to most people.
What did you mean by that - that those on instagrams are faking it, or are they definitely getting things done, for they have no reason to fake it?
NW is like a stockroom, everything that didn't sell out in its time ends up here.
If you set a goal and a good dig, then among the junk you can find something worthwhile.
You just need to be patient and have a clear understanding of what you're looking for.
The demand for superyachts in the world has grown by a quarter
This year's superyacht construction and next year's orders are breaking all records around the world, despite calls to reduce the carbon footprint and fight climate change.
The number of yachts ordered in the world's registry of ships was 1,200, a quarter more than last year.
In an era of fighting the effects of climate change to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, it is hard to imagine that the number of people with the desire and money for a floating fortress for £50 million or more will not be decreasing, writes the Guardian.
However, there are more and more of them.
This year 25% more vessels have been ordered than the previous year.
Brokers say there hasn't been such a rush on the market for 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht fear contagion on land and prefer to hide from the pandemic aboard their own vessel.
The second reason also has to do with the coronavirus.
While all of these people used to go to the office and meet with business partners in person, now the vast majority of them work remotely and negotiate by zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the paper that shipyards are taking orders for new yachts for 2025 and beyond.
That means customers are willing to pay more just to have their yacht ready at least a year or two earlier.
"People just crave freedom, and the super-rich could afford it," he says.
In Western society, many criticize this behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, sociologists say, don't want to understand that in times of deprivation, traveling into space, living on yachts or flying their own planes irritates society because the elite don't want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are calling on governments to act and suggest new taxes and regulations for the super-rich, though they realize that with so much mobility of money, this will be extremely difficult to implement.
Meanwhile, only the number of superyachts ordered is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1,200 vessels, 27 have a stern length of over 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke is building the 183-meter-long yacht REV Ocean.
When launched it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht features a "moon pool" as well as a submarine designed to explore the sea depths.
On existing superyachts, helicopter pads, open-air movie theaters, and some, such as wrestler McGregor's yacht, a martial arts platform have become common.Richard Wilk, a professor of economic anthropology at Indiana University of America, says that compared to the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions, the carbon footprint produced by the super-rich is insignificant.
But it has symbolic value when you consider that there are just over 2,000 multibillionaires in the world.
This is just another example of the overconsumption of a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emission footprint of billionaires is thousands of times larger than that of the average person on the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, then the planet's biggest polluter, Roman Abramovich, is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases that entered the atmosphere in 2018.
And two-thirds of the emission footprint came from his 162.5-meter-long yacht Eclipse.
Even if the owner is not aboard the yacht, the crew continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and command to bring the yacht from, for example, the Mediterranean Sea to the Caribbean Sea.
Superyacht owners have no sympathy for others when they, like Australia's richest woman, Gina Reinhardt, who owns mines on the continent, complain via YouTube that there is no berth for their giant vessels.
It's also hard to understand her call to build marinas for ships over 50 meters in diameter.
Dangerous weekly dose of alcohol leading to colon cancer identified
American scientists have determined the volume of alcoholic beverages in a week increases the risk of developing cancer.
It is written about it by the Daily Express edition.
Specialists have come to the conclusion that the use of four or more portions of alcoholic beverages a week is associated with an increased risk of cancer.
Moreover, the likelihood of developing cancer increases with increasing the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, men who drink moderately have a higher risk of colon cancer than women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact cause of this type of cancer, noting only that certain factors lead to a detrimental process for the body.
Thanks to the author for this worthy material and photo.
Sergey, I do not see anything wrong with egoism and pride.
Just like you do not see selfishness and pride in a man who is looking for a free surrogate mother in order to burden her with expenses and responsibility, while enjoying the title of a father at a safe distance.
Why do they work in the ministry, they belong in the circus.
I understand that everything was supposed to be royal, but the model is very hypertrophied.
It's hard to even imagine poor Diana being stuffed into a carriage, and any kind of movement at all.
I was 12 years old, and I remember watching the ceremony on TV.
It would seem that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful puffy dresses, and I was no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I changed my mind about being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two year old.
Many, or rather all dog lovers believe that these creatures are very smart.
But even they do not realize how advanced the four-legged pets really are.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out for sure how the intelligence of animals is developed.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, a new study proves that a dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The scientists' findings were published in Sciencealert.
Dogs can't play chess or write poetry, and they know nothing about politics, economics or art, yet they often manage to fool their owners.
Some breeds, according to experts, show better results in understanding the words of human language, but statistical data for exact conclusions is still not enough.
So, some breeds are traditionally considered canine geniuses - Labradors, for example.
Scientists have come to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and on the ability to learn is not inferior to a two-year-old child.
Mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
Mattress on the independent spring block TFK with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of the independent block TFK.
This is a reliable modern design with 512 independent springs per bed.
Each spring is in a separate pouch and has no influence on the adjacent springs.
Thus the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
The person takes the natural shape during sleep.
For strength the springs are insulated from the upper layers of thermal felt.
On top of felt there are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and excellent properties.
One side is complemented by a thin layer of natural seven-zone latex.
This natural filling has 7 zones of comfort, contributes to the absorption of human weight, has a light massaging effect.
The cover of Antistress is made of velour quilted with 250 grams of Hollcon per square meter.
It is pleasant to the touch and appearance, has a soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a prime example is Axel's Taumatiht deep-sea oodlar.
Some of his victims are so large that they become the cause of the surgeon's death.
He simply cannot swallow them, and his teeth do not allow him to spit too large a prey back into the water.
If you don't care about the fate of your four properties, why would you think that your properties are of interest to anyone and they would care about them?
Today, the law is quite capable of allowing you to manage your property.
Manage it yourself if you do not like how others do it.
Ukraine prepared for US-Russia bargaining
The U.S. and Russia will "bargain" over Ukraine joining NATO, analyst Aleksandr Kochetkov said in his article for the Glavred edition.
In his opinion, in the near future, Washington and Moscow plan to continue negotiations on the guarantees of the United States that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite US leader Joe Biden's words on the right of countries "to join anything.
If you are offered something that is obviously unacceptable, for example, to sell a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not bargain, but just send the offerer away.
And with regard to Ukraine there will be bargaining," - wrote the analyst.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks dialogue with Kiev.
"Preparations are being made covertly, quickly and immediately proceed to offensive actions, rather than waiting for the grouping to be discovered and counterforce deployed," he said.
China encourages development of rail transport industry
Advanced Chinese technology attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the China International Railway Transportation and Equipment Manufacturing Exhibition 2021 in Zhuzhou, Hunan Province /Central China/.
The main technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allows trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical malfunctions, said the company's representative Hou Zhaowen.
High-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway line, which went into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and operability of the rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased its exports of rail vehicles, and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed.
In May this year, the first China-developed double-decker high-speed electric trains for export to Europe rolled off the production line of CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on the railroads of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, trial operation of the subway train, developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey, began.
The train will run on the subway line connecting the center of Istanbul with the city's airport.
This subway line will be opened next year.
It will be the fastest subway line in Turkey with a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"China's rail transport equipment industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness," said Feng Yaoxiang, head of the trade and investment department of the China Committee for International Trade Promotion /CCITF/.
"This industry constitutes the main competitive advantage of China's high-end equipment manufacturing in the world market," Feng Yaoxian said.
After more than 60 years of hard work, through a series of independent research and development, China has established an advanced railway equipment manufacturing system, with a full range of support facilities and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoxiang, the country ranks first in electrification of railroads and in operating mileage on high-speed and urban railroads.
Biologist lists early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin in a conversation with Radio Sputnik listed the early signs of dementia.
According to him, the signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a number of moderate cognitive impairments such as inability to concentrate, planning, decreased level of abstract thinking.
There is an ongoing debate that hearing loss can be both an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease and a risk factor for it, the specialist said.
Golosheikin stressed that the causes of dementia can be neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of cerebral vessels are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that to date, physicians do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
According to him, learning foreign languages and active communication will help to reduce the risk of dementia.
Also WHO recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly train cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logical thinking
"There are recommendations for the use of various dietary supplements, but their effectiveness and appropriateness are still debated in the scientific community," Golosheikin said.
"The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logical thinking," Golosheikin said.
Earlier, a dementia research charity in Britain said the disease increasingly affects people in their 40s.
Medics named the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first warning sign can be considered vision problems, due to which the patient becomes difficult to recognize objects.
Another sign of developing dementia experts called aphasia - a condition when a person cannot find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
Neurologist demanded to send Saakashvili for treatment abroad
Former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili needs psychiatric treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze told journalists. He is a member of consultative committee of doctors set up at Ombudsman of Georgia.
His [Saakashvili's] neurological status is leading to his illness.
Stable problems are problems with movement, coordination, and character variability," the specialist said, noting that this is not outside the normative limits and now the ex-president needs to be sent for special rehabilitation.
"This is what we call neurorehabilitation and psychoneurorehabilitation, the possibility of which we have not found in Georgia," Toidze said, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution, which does not exist in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began sabotaging his medical treatment after prison officials disciplined him.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to have the punishment lifted and regained his former rights.
Alexandra, "Do you also take money for that?" - I wonder where people like that come from...
It's okay to pay for bread at the bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we eat prana?
There's another side to the coin.
These people are parasites on the body of society.
They don't work, they don't pay taxes, they live on benefits and at the expense of their families.
But they get full health care.
How many mouths can a working person feed?
We feed all the alcoholics, drug addicts, who also lost their health due to their stupidity.
Then we are surprised at the extension of the retirement age.
These sums could have been spent on treating the really sick.
Of course, the red flag of victory will forever remain in the history of our country and we should not confuse it with the national flag.
The red flag has a flip side, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it can never be a state flag again.
It's time for the author to stop with the provocative articles, it's time for the reds to settle down and start living a normal life, not the past.
There were protests against COVID passports in Spain
The Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia held protests against the mandatory certificate of vaccination against COVID-19, reports Europa Press agency.
In the Catalan capital the number of protesters was approximately 3 thousand people.
In Barcelona, COVID passports became compulsory for going to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night entertainment establishments.
Many demonstrators came to the action without masks.
With slogans on their banners, they accused the state of totalitarianism and called for the respect of citizens' choices.
In Valencia, vaccination passports will also be required for entry into entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
Protesters in that city declared a medical dictatorship and called the vaccination an experiment.
More than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been identified in Spain since the start of the pandemic, more than 88,000 patients have died.
In Russia, it is also planned to introduce restrictions for the unvaccinated.
The bills on a unified system of QR codes have been submitted to the State Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to attend public events, cultural institutions, public catering facilities and retail trade with a certificate of vaccination or a disease suffered, or a waiver of vaccination.
The same rules will apply to travel by train and air.
Traditional Anthracite 26 cm cast roaster with glass lid.
Cast iron roaster with non-stick coating anthracite TM Tradition.
Cookware designed for everyday use at home.
Exceptional strength and durability of non-stick coating, equal to the durability of natural stone, designed specifically for intensive use on a daily basis.
Thick-walled molded body.
Five-layer non-stick coating system of the latest generation.
Premium coating strengthened with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional non-stick protection.
Well non-stick for easy and pleasurable cooking without oil and fat.
At least 4000 thousand cooking cycles if the rules of use are observed.
Suitable for all types of stoves, except induction stoves.
GOST R 51162-2019.
Each product has a 4-year warranty (4 years for the body and 1 year for the non-stick coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Pots and roasters can be used in the oven without the glass lid.
EASY TO CLEAN.
Logically, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and gets sick rarely (once or twice a year with acute respiratory infections), his immunity is normal.
Doctors do not recommend any immunomodulators for prevention in principle.
Immunity is supported by a healthy diet and regimen plus sports.
On this basis, flu vaccination and this covid makes no sense.
3M 5925 aerosol filter.
Protection class FFP2, 2 pcs.
Part no. 713946.
Replacement FFP2 filter for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Protects the user's respiratory tract from a variety of airborne substances.
Creates a reliable barrier to infectious particles.
This filter is designed to operate in environments where the concentration of hazardous substances in the ambient air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used for bacteria/virus protection in conjunction with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
Protection class FFP2 has a MPC value greater than 0.05 mg/cc, with a maximum pollutant concentration of 12 x MPC.
Respirators in this protection class are capable of containing at least 94% of harmful substances.
The pre-filters are attached to the gas masks using a 3M 501 holder.
Features: low breathing resistance.
Does not obstruct visibility.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half masks and 3M full face masks.
Compatible with other PPE needed in demanding work environments.
The goggling eyes of the "constitutional monarch", judging by the network, have not only annoyed me.
And this family PR - children, father ...
Revva somehow seemed to me nothing.
Only knew that he pestered the Bunny - Batruha da Batruha.
Well, found out, said once, and keep quiet, let your friend prove himself, for that and fought.
Steep ascent: how the Chinese become skiers.
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create resorts of international standards in the country.
China hopes that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to winter sports, which will make it possible to collect the 1 trillion yuan marked by President Xi Jinping, but also contribute to the economic development of remote provinces.
The Taiwu ski resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the site of the Winter Olympics, is becoming increasingly popular with the Chinese.
In addition to building infrastructure in the region, landscaping work is also underway: workers are planting trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
Many regions in China where the resorts are located, including Zhangjiakou, have problems with snow.
The main task for the long term is to ensure that the Chinese resorts are comfortable and interesting, so that all newcomers become regulars.
However, there is still a long way to go.
Games advisor Justin Downs says the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition since his last visit in 2007.
Every year, more and more Chinese go to the slopes in the winter.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
Despite major changes, it will take many more years to create a ski culture here, Downs believes.
Many resorts are in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions have yet to be actively developed and the infrastructure needed for recreation has yet to be built there.
Gao Makong, 70, lives in Chunli, not far from where the Winter Olympics will be held.
He notes that winter sports tourism has boomed here in recent years.
Two years ago there was an express railroad line from Beijing to Chunli, and now none of the locals are out of work.
More and more stores selling winter sports apparel and equipment are opening in the country.
Catering outlets with national cuisine are opening on the slopes.
There is even a COVID-19 testing station on Taiwu now.
China aims to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes to become leaders in major international competitions, and its resorts and equipment to reach world-class levels.
More than 500 million people in the world could face extreme poverty due to pandemic, WHO says
More than 500 million people around the world could be pushed into extreme poverty because of a coronavirus pandemic that has stalled human progress toward universal access to health care, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB) said.
On the occasion of the International Day of Universal Health Coverage on 12 December, WHO and the WB published two complementary reports.
They stated that the pandemic had led to breakdowns in health services and overstretched health systems.
Consequently, immunization coverage declined for the first time in 10 years and mortality from tuberculosis and malaria rose.
The WHO and the WB stressed that the pandemic caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, so it became harder for people to pay for treatment.
This situation pushes more than 500 million people "into extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services out of their own pockets.
In October, UN Secretary General António Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic had plunged more than 100 million people into poverty, with more than four billion people with little or no social support.
Makita KP0810 planer
Official Makita dealer.
Powerful motor is perfect for folding.
Low weight and perfectly balanced.
Use of both standard and double-sided mini blades.
Easy quick blade installation system.
New ergonomic housing design, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the effect of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-grooves for chamfering of different size.
Chamfering system by choice: left or right side.
Wife, this is the meat of the mech.
It's disgusting.
We've had enough of bats and pangolins, and we're on to jellyfish.
Oh, how many other wondrous discoveries moles, mantises, lemmings or something.
Reuters: Taiwan minister cut off from broadcast at Summit for Democracy at White House request
Taiwan's digital minister Audrey Tan's speech at a panel discussion during the U.S.-organized "Summit for Democracy" has been put into a video-free mode, a YouTube recording of the summit shows.
Reuters quoted sources as saying that the picture was disabled at the request of the White House.
According to them, the reason was a map that showed Taiwan in a separate color from China, which considers the island its territory.
The map Ms. Tang was showing was produced by CIVICUS, a South African nongovernmental organization, and ranked the countries of the world according to their civil rights record.
Taiwan was marked in green as "free," while China, the DPRK, Laos and Vietnam were marked in red as "closed.
After the minister showed the map, the picture on her side was replaced by a screenshot with a note that the panelists' views "do not necessarily express the position of the U.S. government."
The PRC was not invited to the "Summit for Democracy."
Reuters sources note that the map shown by the Taiwanese minister may have gone against Washington's "one China" policy.
One source said the U.S. National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department after the map display, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The "Summit for Democracy", organized by Washington, was held from December 9 to 10 with the participation of representatives from 110 countries and territories, as well as civil associations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During Day Zero of the summit, Nobel Peace Prize laureate and editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta Dmitriy Muratov called for the creation of an international foundation that would donate the money obtained from corruption to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Russian Security Council Yury Averyanov stated that the summit had an "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese message.
You are being fed information as if they are cooking food, and there is rotten meat everywhere, in fact, the meat is left to the butcher until the last bite.
It's classic journalism to create news out of nothing.
They don't boil the meat, they boil the horns and hooves, getting a substance like glue.
The finished product looks like a yellow translucent strip almost odorless and hard as plastic, used as natural gelatin.
In general, there are as many harmful substances from recycling garbage as from its decomposition.
But it saves companies enormous amounts of money.
That is why the environmental fairy tale was invented for suckers, who will also work hard to collect garbage for free for an idea.
Personally, my contribution to environmentalism is not buying unnecessary things and using things for a long time.
If I go overboard, I don't throw it away, I give it to charity.
Jogel Camp soccer shorts Jfs-1120-016, white/black (XL).
Description: soccer game shorts are great for playing soccer and playing sports.
The shorts have a straight comfortable fit.
Wide waistband combined with an adjustable drawstring provides a comfortable fit.
The fabric is strong, durable, lightweight and well breathable, meeting the demands of the game at any level.
The updated brand logo is located on the left side.
The shorts are packaged in a handy reusable bag with a flap closure.
Stylish look, straight cut, wide waistband with drawstring, durable durable fabric, good breathability.
Features.
Crawl into specialties that allow you to work online.
We have many people crawl out by working for an uncle, but overseas.
But because of the currency difference, it's profitable for us.
Relative to other countries, we are still poor.
Of course we have to learn all kinds of stuff, but... working online allows us not to depend on the domestic labor market.
Our country almost never creates jobs.
And those that do, you can't really make any money on them.
Egoist Unity Gilded Table Set (4 pieces).
The "Royal Childhood" collection is one of the widest and most famous collections of children's silverware in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and pacifiers, drinkers and mugs.
All children's silverware undergoes strict quality control.
Ecological silver produced directly at the factory, careful hand polishing with cotton rollers make the items absolutely safe for your child.
Thanks to the disinfecting function of silver, regular use of silver devices can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some of the typical childhood diseases.
The specialists of the factory received a grant to use the complicated but very beautiful technique of guilloche, which was used by the famous Carl Faberge.
This made it possible to create amazingly bright and three-dimensional images on the items.
The collection is full of cute characters that will be loyal friends for your child.
Inka Squirrel, everything will be fine.
There is a second lung.
The lung tissue is pretty good at regenerating, if not all of it is removed, the remaining lobe will regrow.
If it is a pulmonectomy, the second lung will get bigger over time and will function for two.
Try to breathe with your own chest, fathers are stronger than daughters, they don't like tears very much.
Don't mourn before your time.
Smile and breathe, breathe.
New Shepard with six tourists on board makes suborbital flight
Blue Origin's New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists aboard made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, which was broadcast on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with the passengers descended to Earth, TASS reported.
The launch was conducted from a launch pad near the U.S. city of Van Horn, Texas.
The ship rose to an altitude of just over 100 kilometers, the space tourists were in a state of weightlessness.
The rocket landed safely on the launch pad.
The company Blue Origin on July 20 successfully made the first sub-orbital flight of the spacecraft New Shepard with passengers on board.
SKETCHES OF A RURAL MUSCOVITE.
Don't lump it together - bad people happen, you may have a beef with them about a particular thing...
but what does it have to do with the number of children, age, pension fund, and so on?
You write that they are "scumbags, didn't give the money back."
And how many and when they have children is none of your business, as long as they are not going to hang those children around your neck.
And since that's out of the question, what right do you have to judge them?
I guess it's only in education...
Chosen (by themselves) parents dictate their own rules, blatantly ignoring the existing ones.
What if this were to apply to other areas of life, the judiciary, etc.?
The laws are not written for them.
And if my dad still implements its methods of education and upbringing?
It's creepy and a very bad example for others to follow.
Embroidery kit "Feathered Stars" DESIGN WORKS 2719.
Set includes: canvas Aida 14 ct dark blue color, floss, sequins, needle, scheme, instructions.
Production Design Works has its origins in 1987 and today is popular around the world.
Many of the motifs were worked on by such a famous designer as Ronald West.
Kits Design Works for cross embroidery kits are equipped with quality canvas Aida, 100% cotton floss and tapestry needle 24.
Also in the range you will find kits for embroidery on a plastic canvas, embroidery Tobin - embroidery on napkins, runners and tablecloths and much more.
China strengthens prevention and control of COVID-19 epidemic in cities with land border crossings
The Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular ordering the strengthening of prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where land border crossings are located, in order to further prevent the importation of the infection from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving these cities must submit a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test result within 48 hours prior to departure.
Those arriving in cities with land checkpoints must submit to at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be in effect from the day the respective provincial administrative units determine and publish the zones of the designated cities until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities with land border crossings that meet certain conditions may consider establishing buffer zones to prevent and control the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisia Sokolova, as usual, Russian women are drawn to Eastern ethnicity by Indian movies, which were only played in Russia in cinemas.
In the West no one watched this nonsense with the natives.
And how many of these towns and villages are abandoned and forgotten?
Sontelle Spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, part number: 5110704.
Composition of the layers of the mattress RelaxFoam 2 cm: aloe-latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe-latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
Cover: knitted fabric Splendid.
Knitted fabric made of cotton with a special design.
The base is braided with special synthetic threads, which provide a special strength and softness of the material.
The honeycomb structure supports natural thermo-regulation and moisture transport during sleep and rest.
40 % cotton, 60 % polyester, density 230 g/sq.m.
Dimax mattress OK Basis, size 130x185.
Spring orthopedic mattress OK Basis is one of the most affordable models in the line.
Practical Balance Foam filler gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time the price remains on the budget level.
This product is an optimal combination of price and quality.
Foam Balance is a modern material that is derived from PPU.
The filler is characterized by hypoallergenicity and safety.
That is why the foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability is confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are much stricter than in Russia.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedic properties: the material supports the proper position of the person during the entire period of sleep.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has acquired stiffness below the average level, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be soft enough.
The main supporting block in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for its content of independent springs, 256 elements per square meter.
Practical block can support weight up to 100 kg. per bed, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, increasing orthopedic properties of the foam.
The manufacturer offers a choice of 12 cm or 18 cm high spring block without changing the final price.
Be sure to indicate your preferences when ordering to the store operator.
The mattress is supplied in a knitted cover, together with the cover the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is not removable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certificate.
Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG sconce from the manufacturer Arte Lamp.
Excellent for rooms such as the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting fixture comes in the color: gold.
The lamp uses lamps with E14 socket.
The total power allows you to illuminate about 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this luminaire for rooms decorated in the style of "Classic".
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs told about the "sad conclusion" in the relations between Russia and the United States
In the interview for Izvestia, Sergey Ryabkov, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Russia evaluated the perspectives of relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long way of interaction has led to sad conclusions and the problems between the two countries did not start yesterday.
There is one-sided negative predictability, but when it comes to some kind of prospect for improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion from the long road we've been on with both the current administration and Trump and Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday," the diplomat pointed out.
According to Ryabkov, the problems are related to the U.S. desire to impose approaches on Russia on a host of issues.
Ryabkov added that he wouldn't risk giving optimistic forecasts about the improvement of relations and didn't expect Washington's position to change.
He explained that except for such areas as strategic stability and cyber security, no progress has been seen.
Meanwhile, Russia urges the United States to take a responsible approach to international security issues and hopes that the signals will be heard and the Americans will listen to common sense arguments.
Earlier, during a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Blinken, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that Moscow was ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
A virologist warned of the dangers of nasal COVID vaccination outside hospitals
People inoculated with nasal vaccine against COVID-19 may develop allergies and require medical assistance, therefore the first stations for vaccination should not be organized at airports and trade centers.
Sergei Netesov, a virologist, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the laboratory of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virology at Novosibirsk State University, told TASS.
It is easier to organize vaccination points with nasal vaccine in airports and shopping centers, but I would do it only in medical institutions at first.
The fact is that there is a probability of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is not high, but it is advisable for a person to sit next to a doctor's office afterwards.
Doctors have special anti-allergy drug kits which are effective in a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary," said Netesov.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in trade centers when there is experience in using the drug.
He also stressed that when using nasal vaccine it is important that it gets on the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
At the same time, there is a chance that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the vaccinated person blows his nose after being injected while nasal congestion is present.
Painting by numbers on canvas, anime "blade cutting demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring by number is interesting both for children and adults.
After all, many people love to paint, but sometimes lack the ability or skill.
This uncomplicated, but very exciting activity allows you to relax, to realize your creative potential and create masterpieces with your own hands.
There are a lot of unusual paintings and "off-the-wall" subjects!
We work out current themes by ourselves and try to please you with the result!
Everything is very simple!
When painting, the outlines on the canvas will not "float"; they are not dissolved by water.
Each segment is numbered so you won't get lost in the paint.
When done, the painting will be a bright spot in your room, a highlight of the interior that catches your eye at first sight.
And this picture is not painted by some artist.
It was made by you.
With your own hands!
Serbia has produced 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine
Sputnik V vaccine is the most popular vaccine in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian Sputnik V vaccine, Minister of Innovation and Technological Development Nenad Popovic told TASS.
"The state institute Torlak has so far produced about 2 million doses of the Sputnik V vaccine, we expect that in the coming period at least 4 million will be produced," Popovic stated.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among the Serbs.
In this regard, the republic plans to purchase additional one million doses of vaccine from Russia.
Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed his interest in the production of Sputnik V nasal vaccine and Sputnik Lite preparation in Serbia.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that Russia has supplied Serbia with nearly two million doses of the domestic vaccine against coronavirus infection Sputnik V.
Lama, they say true believers make up the church.
Whether these true believers exist or not, we cannot know.
Every one of us would like to be such a true believer, and everyone tries to be one.
But no one should say, either about himself or about those who believe as he does, that they alone are true believers.
Because if they can say of themselves that they are true believers, so can others.
Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145x190 mattress.
Mattress Prime Orto S1000 with different sides of firmness, the total height of the mattress is 22 cm.
The maximum load for one bed is up to 150 kg.
The base of this mattress is the independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per bed).
Each spring is in a separate fabric pocket which allows springs to distribute body load correctly.
To further protect the spring block, an insulating layer of felt has been added to separate the mattress fillers and springs.
On one side of the mattress there is a 3 cm thick layer of coconut coir which gives additional stiffness and durability of the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress there is a 3 cm layer of coconut coir and 1 cm layer of natural latex.
The natural latex has anatomic effect and wear-resistant properties.
The mattress shell is made of cotton jacquard quilted with environmentally friendly Hollcon material.
The fabric is treated with special antibacterial impregnation Sanitized (Sweden).
The impregnation provides complete destruction of mold fungi, does not allow the development of microorganisms, dust mites and bacteria.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over and the aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress is additionally strengthened along the perimeter by the frame made of artificial latex which increases significantly its service life.
Alexander M., Can you remind me which style of marathon was used at the 2021 World Cup?
Do you see the track, which should be used to finish the race in classic style?
Attention, question - what is Clebo doing on the right side of Bolshunov and how does he want to get on the track if he was on the back side before the turn?
And "the best finisher" at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It was a long time ago...
I was, in fact, I wasn't even a driver yet.
I had a license, but I didn't know how to drive.
I was offered to drive 250km one way on a MAZ!
Young, stupid, I agreed.
The owner was beside me, sipping vodka, I was driving.
First, like a king, I took the axle!
A column lined up behind me.
I let him through.
Then the belt on the steering blew.
Then the cops stopped us.
We were in an organized convoy, and their car broke down.
We had to have it towed.
The MAZ owner explained that he was drunk, the driver was inexperienced.
And he said, "What kind of drunk are you?
You're not stumbling, you're not falling down.
Ahead of us with blinkers and go!
In my opinion, he never gets out of commercials, he can't be sorry.
Pevtsov's talking about the same thing: bringing back the retirement age.
All the budgets have been prepared long ago taking into account the billions of dollars lost by the retired people.
Who is telling them this nonsense?
The UK has detected 1,239 cases of the omicron strain of coronavirus in a 24-hour period - RT in Russian
In the UK overnight detected 1,239 cases of infection with the new Omicron coronavirus strain.
About this informs Sky News.
In particular, 1196 new cases of the "omicron" strain were detected in England, 38 people became ill with a new type of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of people sickened by COVID-19 from the new strain in Britain has reached 3,137.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine calculated in a pessimistic forecast that 75,000 people could die in England by April because of an outbreak of coronavirus caused by the omicron strain.
Peskov warned of suffering for Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible imposition of anti-Russian sanctions if "aggressive actions" against Ukraine continue, including because of the alleged "invasion" of the country.
"It is impossible to impose any restrictions against Russia and not experience suffering yourself," the Kremlin spokesman said on Russia 1 television channel.
Peskov said that "everyone in the world understands this.
Earlier, it was reported that the U.S. is considering imposing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as an extreme measure.
In addition, Washington and the European Union are planning to introduce restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars with regard to Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
However, the head of Sberbank, Herman Gref, is sure that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - respectively adequate comments!
Something about these simple recipes makes me sick to my stomach.
Apparently, we have run out of ideas.
Even in the distant days of childhood my mother baked delicious cakes and pies, and did not come to mind a piece of bread, smeared with jam, compare with a cake.
Xenia, you don't need to convey anything to my mind, my mind has to figure it out for itself!
"The inability of the mind separated from Spirit to perceive" - what do you mean?!
Suppose you had to explain it to a dumb child, how would you do it?
(Keep in mind that a 3-5 year old child still has open channels of communication with the netherworld, and that child may know more than you do!)
Residents of New Caledonia have rejected the idea of independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on independence of New Caledonia, the vast majority of participants refused to secede from France.
This was reported on December 12 by the French channel BFM.TV.
Against independence opposed 96.5% of voters.
3.51% of the residents of the archipelago in the South Pacific supported independence from France.
The results were annulled by 2.99% of ballots.
The level of participation in the voting that day was very low: about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polls.
According to experts, the low turnout is explained by separatists' calls to refuse to participate in the referendum because of the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, New Caledonians opposed independence from France in a referendum.
In 2018, the region already held a referendum on independence.
The majority of residents supported the archipelago being part of France.
New Caledonia is nearly 20,000 kilometers from mainland France.
In 1853, France declared New Caledonia its possession.
Some 270,000 people live on the archipelago and the territory enjoys a special administrative-territorial status.
There's an agreement between Paris and the administration of New Caledonia in 1998 under which the region could vote on its independence twice with a difference of two years.
Boris, if you don't know history, don't write.
The name of the city of Arsk came from the Bulgaro-Tatar word "artysh" (juniper).
Udmurts (ary in Tatar) live in the northern districts of Baltasinsky, Kukmorsky district.
The Udmurts are wonderful, hard-working people, they have preserved their language, they live in friendship with the Tatars, they know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that the Motherland will not abandon you.
The fools who shout "cheerful slogans" will.
That's what I'm telling you with full confidence, based on my own life experience.
Don't spit in the well, you may have to drink the water!
WHO tentatively considers "omicron" less dangerous than "delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) tentatively considers "omicron" less dangerous than the delta strain of coronavirus.
However, there is evidence of reduced vaccine efficacy for the new COVID-19 variant.
As of Dec. 9, Omicron has been registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and the significantly altered antigenic protein profile of the "omicron" strain suggest a decrease in vaccine efficacy against infection and transmission of the variant.
Preliminary findings from South Africa suggest that it ('disease severity' - ed.) may be less severe than for delta," the WHO technical report says.
The organization notes that so far all reported cases of "omicron" infection in the EU are mild or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain, according to preliminary data, is spreading faster than "delta".
Two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been reported in Russia.
They were "previously immunized," the Gamaleya Center reported.
Rospotrebnadzor head Anna Popova said there is no reliable data yet that the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the others.
In fact, the lack of sun for us southern people is very critical.
In the 10 days we spent in St. Petersburg one day in November, the first time we saw the sun was when our plane flying back took off over the clouds.
It was then that I only realized what I had been missing all the time in beautiful Petersburg.
Unforgettable jeep tours of the Caucasus:
To experience what I've never known - with my eyes, my mouth and my skin to drink the vastness!
Who in the ocean sees only water,
He on earth does not notice the mountains.
Your World of Adventure +7 905 989 9172 What's App
Siberian Expeditions - we can ruin even the worst mood for you!
Svetlana S., nope, there's no such thing - they don't succumb.
If your beloved, with whom you are going to live your whole life, does not give in to your requests, then he is a parasite who does not want to give in return as much as he takes.
And the problem with women is that they slowly, slowly take it all on themselves.
And who is to blame if you took the burden yourself?
They named four scenarios for Zelensky in Ukraine
Former Ukrainian MP Vadym Denisenko listed four scenarios for Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may remain without the support of the West, and also, perhaps, will compromise on Donbass.
Denisenko said this on Sunday, December 12, in a publication on the portal "Glavred."
The first option, which Denisenko called "the perfect storm," assumes that key Western countries will stop supporting Ukraine by reaching an agreement on the country's future without its participation.
Such a development would contribute to a deep crisis, which Kiev could face in 2023.
"In parallel, there is a decrease in the prices of key goods that we traditionally export <...> internal protests and confrontation of the authorities with the key FIGs (financial and industrial groups. - Ed.)," the ex-parliamentarian added.
According to Denysenko, there is also another scenario for the development of the situation - "a war against everyone".
This prediction will come true in case of high turbulence in the world politics, in which the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Because of this state of affairs, the Ukrainian leadership may make compromises on Donbass, as a result of which a confrontation inside the country is possible.
At the end of the summer Zelensky's position will weaken, the probability of such a situation, according to the former MP, is up to 50-55%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is the confrontation of the population groups that disagree with Zelensky and the president, due to which the seizure of control over the power block and the implementation of "populist initiatives" is likely.
During this version of the crisis, Zelensky will start "reformatting the government," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is Zelensky's transformation into the "father of the nation."
Some kind of event could lead to this, which would be a strong shock to society.
"The event should be large enough to cause a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
Such a scenario is possible as a result of a natural disaster, man-made disaster or aggressive actions of Russia, the former deputy believes.
At the same time, the Russian side has repeatedly denied any probability of an "attack" on Ukraine.
Moscow noted that it was the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the US that were increasing military activity near Russia's borders.
Earlier, on November 11, data from a poll conducted by the Rating sociological group showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president had fallen to a record low of 19.3 percent.
This is the lowest figure since he was elected head of state.
Analysts predicted a situation in which in the next presidential election in Ukraine only 21.8% would give their vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% for the former president, Petro Poroshenko.
Only 19.3% of the respondents expressed their support for the president.
KAISER Sena Shower System (74182)
KAISER Sena (74182) shower system is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in operation, it is also confirmed by numerous customer reviews on third-party online resources.
Buying the product from us, you also get a guarantee from our side for the quality and performance of the goods.
We deliver by transport companies all over Russia and to any region.
In case you find any defects we will unhesitatingly refund the full amount you paid.
If you call the operator you can get a personal discount on this product.
When you purchase, please leave a review of your use.
Thank you to the author for the story about the great athlete, I did not know that Elena Shushunova is dead, it is very sad to hear about it.
I remember how I was rooting for her at the Seoul Olympics, for us, the people of Primorsky Region, it was a live broadcast, real time.
Such emotions were running high, I remember the joy when Yelena won.
I also remember the joy of the other victories, how we were rooting for Salnikov, for the footballers, for all the Soviet athletes of that time.
Once on TV I saw a documentary about a Central American country, and there watermelons were rolled up the gangway aboard the ship like barrels.
The watermelons were monstrous in size.
I myself worked many times in my youth harvesting and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and never encountered watermelons weighing more than a pound.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from the melon field and not before the beginning of August.
Underwire brassiere with soft lace cups (size: 90E, color: beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, part number: 12008).
Balconette bra with soft lace cups, with carcasses.
Lower cup detail is reinforced with sheer fabric.
The side inner part of the cup, in the area of strap sewing is reinforced with the inelastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of the lace can be appreciated thanks to the festoon along the neckline and under the breasts.
Vertical bones on the side panels of single-layer microfiber do not allow the fabric to curl on larger sizes.
Really didn't like the article, angry, toxic.
Trolling through people you know nothing about.
But that's what a lot of people like to do now, to break people into atoms.
I hope that those who commented have all the honor and decency in the world and are experts in everything.
In Moscow in the evening you'll think 100 times whether to go alone to the store, there are migrants everywhere, there are crowds of them.
They think they are the bosses.
Are you serious about child allowances and pensions?
Allowances are for a penny and are paid up to 3 years old, pensions are 12,000, someone wrote about dentistry, dentures have long been paid for and are very expensive.
People are like from another planet.
It's bad in France, but ours is great?
Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact texture, comfortable elasticity and stiffness, the properties of wear resistance and durability.
The Beautyson brand product from the Sense series is designed for wellness sleep for people suffering from joint and vascular diseases.
The design provides uniform distribution of the load on the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The base of the mattress Beautison Sens Hard S600 mini Sint is an independent spring block S600 mini with reduced spring height.
Beautyson uses spunbond, coconut coir and polyurethane foam as internal fillers.
The spunbond serves as an intermediate insulating layer between the soft material and the springs.
The orthopedic coal-impregnated foam is shaped on the surface, which provides a micro-massage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material which gives the mattress high moisture exchange and air permeability characteristics.
The outer shell of the mattress is made of thick jacquard with synthetic fiber.
The material is strong and durable, does not chafe and does not require complicated care.
Arrested for the action in Red Square poet: "You get ten days in jail for quoting Yevtushenko, that's the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week for ten days arrested 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov.
The HSE student was detained on Red Square with a placard bearing the hashtag #poetstheRussiaBolshechempoet.
This quote belongs to writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A report was drawn up on Alexander under the administrative article on repeated violation of the order of holding a public action.
The first time he was detained on January 23 on Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
"The goal was to draw attention to poetry in general, now the interest in it, unfortunately, lost, to the decline of the culture of common in Russia and as a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag," Alexander explains.
We got in touch with the young poet to find out the circumstances of his detention and to reveal the message of his message in more detail.
How were you treated by the police during your arrest this time and earlier?
What did they ask you at the station, how did they comment on your action?
This time the officers were more correct, the detention was as polite as possible, no matter how ridiculous it may sound in some context of the word.
At Pushkinskaya Street, they were taken by OMON riot police, and they were brutal.
They asked the standard questions - about their motives.
When they heard them, in principle, they looked understanding, if not approving.
Except for the monkey-chamber, which was blown through to all four corners, everything was extremely accurate, but I knew what I was getting into.
And if a few people start writing poetry under that hashtag after the rally, I won't spend those 10 days in jail for nothing.
Maxim, according to the protocol, you may speak the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe in private.
But at public and official events, you speak in the language of your surroundings, so that everybody understands what happened in Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in your native language through an interpreter.
It's protocol and nothing else, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks excellent Russian and still uses an interpreter.
And also at official events, transcripts are taken the old-fashioned way with a fountain pen, and a stenographer doesn't have to know several languages.
If you don't want to say many words, say no!
Otherwise, so much water.
Well, go as a tourist for six months "to the Andes, then to Nepal.
Before that, turn all the assets into liquid stocks.
And little by little sell off those stocks by opening an account in any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but in a currency less dependent on the U.S., such as Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
But that is not what keeps Americans in the U.S..
It is the certainty that they are better off in the U.S. than anywhere else.
It's how they are raised.
Hansgrohe Quattro three outlet mechanism (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: concealed installation mechanism; purpose: for mixer, for bath, for shower; built-in systems: yes; installation type: recessed (into the wall); body material: brass; mechanism for concealed installation: complete; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin: Germany; manufacturer's code: 15930180; bar code: 4011097345239.
Additional information: requires pressure regulator; delivery set: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; possible simultaneous connection of 2 consumers (showers); suitable for all sets of outdoor Quattro; water flow rate: 65 l/min.
Researchers tell how potatoes help fight age-related disorders
A study found that potatoes are rich in vitamins and micronutrients that help improve circulation and lower cholesterol.
The root vegetable contains B vitamins, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic acid, and pantothenic acid.
All these elements help the body systems to function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Because of their high content of cellulose, they are good for the gastrointestinal tract, and with regular consumption, they can also help prevent hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefits, the root vegetable is better braised or boiled rather than fried in oil.
The Daily Express previously warned that potatoes can be dangerous for diabetics, as can other foods with a high glycemic index.
These are foods containing carbohydrates that quickly break down into sugars, such as sugar, sugary soft drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the newspaper "Kommersant" warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting the reduction in its production on private farms and an increase in processing capacity.
According to market players, the product shortage at the moment can only be replaced with imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from "Yandex
Candidates for removal
In 2015, rights holders from the RAEC/Media cluster compiled a list of the top 100 pirate sites on Runet and most of them have ceased to exist, said Karen Kazarian, general director of the Internet Research Institute.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive thanks to regular change of the domain name, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in both Yandex and Google search results, you can watch pirated copies of Netflix series "Squid Game" and "Tenderness" directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of Russia's largest video service ivi (part of the AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in the search engine results, you can watch the animated novelty "Encanto", but judging by the video quality, it is a so-called screen version (a pirated copy of the film shot in a theater).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the TV series "Univer. 10 Years Later by TNT (part of Gazprom-Media).
Svetlana M., I'm sorry, of course, but I couldn't care less if my son is offended by his mommy or not.
If we have some sort of misunderstanding going on, it's better not to get involved at all, sweep it out of the way.
It's a good thing, of course, that this rarely happens.
Bra with soft cups without frames and front clasp coffee 135I GI1265.
T-back is reinforced on the inside with crossed elastic bands of cotton and lycra.
The bra is made of microfiber combined with mesh fabric for breathability.
Dubbed cups made of cotton fabric for a comfortable fit.
Unique Magiclift design (crisscrossing supportive inserts under the breasts and along the neckline) to lift, separate and support the breasts.
Wide, comfortable microvore lined straps are adjustable at the back.
Ludmila, the advanced space technology now in China.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
"This idea, developed by Poles" - it would be more correct to say that Poland only recycled the idea of 1776, but developed it quite effectively.
In fact, the slogan "The outskirts are not Russia" appeared in 1848.
Which, by and large, doesn't really change the point.
I watched her interview, the girl said that her biggest dream - that she would grow wings, her daddy always tells her off.
I mean, it's all kind of questionable.
So she got into college, and then what?
Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara wall lamp.
The wide circumference, framed by "molecules" of light, provides the most uniform and brightest possible illumination of the space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose relevance and allows you to advantageously set accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such luminaires is the weightless design.
Due to the thin, almost invisible ropes, which are adjustable in height, it feels as if the chandelier is floating in the air.
Metal golden fittings and matte white miniature plafonds easily complement any palette and presented in the collection pendant chandelier and sconces are ready ensemble for lighting the living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, to taste and color, as they say.
I really liked the "Tarhun", not the current one, of course.
Very tasty were juices bottled from tall glass cylinders.
Three servings of syrup was too much for my taste.
Two were just fine.
Dimax Micro Ultimat mattress size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient because it has two different softness surfaces - high hardness and a little more than average.
The composition of the product includes only high quality and premium fillers, which have proven to be exceptionally good.
Springs: in the center of the model there is a block of independent springs "micropacket".
This means that there are 2000 springs per bed, which work completely independently.
It is their functioning that gives a unique point adjustment.
"Micropacket" is the highest frequency of the entire variety of spring blocks "Dimax", so it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered a premium.
Fillings: the top and bottom of the springs are installed combinations of coir and natural latex layers.
The only difference is the order of the boards.
If one surface has latex, the other has coconut coir.
This tandem of fillers has long carried the status of a classic, because it gives the mattress not only orthopedic, but also anatomic properties.
While the coir provides proper support for the back, the latex ensures the adaptation of the surface to the human body.
Covering: the model is supplied with Aloe Vera knitted cover.
It can be made removable or stationary according to the client's wish.
Total height of the product - 27 cm, recommended load on the bed - 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: warranty period - 3 years.
This mattress has all necessary certificates and documents, which confirm its complete safety and reliability in use.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has CertiPUR certificate.
Estonian scientists will search for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in cooperation with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, the Actual Camera reported Sunday.
The purpose of the missions starting in five years is to assess the livability of Venus' clouds and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists have proposed instruments to measure the acidity and oxygen content of Venus' clouds.
So far it has been assumed that the clouds of Venus, the closest planet to Earth, are too acidic for life to exist there, but it is likely that Venus was originally an Earth-type planet.
On the third mission, a sample from Venus should arrive.
Assuming that if we find life there, the main question will be whether it is similar or different to Earth.
If very similar, it would be obvious that terrestrial life did not begin on Earth.
If it is different, then perhaps it is more likely that life originated on Earth," said Mihkel Pajusalu, head of the Estonian team of the Venus Life Finder project.
A hat, not a phone...
Six months old and it's worth it.
I'm sick of this Chinese crap...
They can't make a quality phone...
Whatever you take, my Samsung has outlived three of them (friends have already thrown them out) and will outlive them still!
Metaworlds will change Russian business
The topic of meta-universes became popular this fall when Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook would become Meta.
For the market, this event became an important signal: the major player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
This means that businesses in Russia, as well as all over the world, will invest in creating their own metaclasses and their subsequent monetization.
Metavalleys should be seen as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, it is a trend to create remote interactions under pandemic conditions, because people are tired of disconnection and limitations.
On the other hand, it is a consequence of business desire to develop ecosystems and adapt operational models for them.
On the third, they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, where any rights, securities, works of art and even money are going digital.
Anya, you're right, changing your diet is a conscious process.
When you start to eat right, you no longer want something too fatty and unhealthy.
Of course, on holidays, we will have the traditional Olivier and herring under a fur coat, but no one is forcing me to stuff myself with everything at once.
You can eat a spoonful, try it, and then that's enough.
After all, there are ten days off in front of me, and I can make any delicious and healthy meal.
And how much hell of work, time and money it took her to train.
And having completed 5 quarter jumps, she was left without gold.
And she also understands that she won't make it to the next Olympics for four years, i.e. she will never be an Olympic champion.
And anyone who hasn't just played the sport or can't imagine all the circles of hell she's been through, DON'T GET THEY CARE.
British economist couldn't give a prediction for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill was unable to give a forecast for 2022 because, in his opinion, such attempts would turn out to be a failure.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend could change the turnaround.
The most important factor remains the coronavirus pandemic, with inflation in second place, he believes.
O'Neill also admitted that he doesn't know if the increase in commodity prices is temporary or not.
As the expert pointed out, even before the pandemic, it was clear that "the world of endless central bank generosity had run its course" and it was time to return to a relationship where inflation-adjusted interest rates would correlate with the expected rate of GDP growth.
O'Neill noted that against the backdrop of a pandemic, continued ultra-soft economic policy could, according to some experts, lead to another spike in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as rising poverty and climate change, concluded O'Neill.
Earlier, Mikhail Shulgin, head of global research at Otkritie Investments, said that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate in 2022 remain, with less significant growth potential.
Among the risks to the dollar, Shulgin named the Fed's monetary policy, oil price dynamics and worries about the coronavirus pandemic.
I have to agree.
But one thing is good: if you compare yourself to myself, there were fewer containers five years ago.
It's better now.
There is progress, but it is sluggish.
There is also such a problem: there are a lot of environmental initiatives in the cities, but people do not know about them.
All sorts of eco-taxis that pick up waste from the house.
The banal recycling center is used by the marginalized.
Rarely do people bring glass and metal there.
And the author...
Sausages "with catsup" in Soviet factories?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well yeah, they don't taste good enough compared to Doshirak, I get it...
And I'd have some Soviet white-filled candy now.
They don't have those anymore.
They don't make Pilot, and Chamomile isn't the same...
EVA car mats (rhombus) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
Car mats EVA are made of quality material of Russian production.
The surface of the mats consists of cells in the form of rhombuses.
Thickness of the mats is 10 mm, depth of cells 5-6 mm.
Mats do not absorb and do not leak moisture.
All dirt is evenly distributed in the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material of the mats is elastic, wear-resistant, odorless.
Keeps its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 ° C.
The mats are unpretentious in use and suitable for year-round use.
EVA car mats maximally cover the regular carpet, covering the left foot rest area.
The back row tunnel is covered by the mat.
The trim is made of heavy-duty automotive sling.
Mattress Dimax Practik Basis Plus B13 180x220 cm
Spring-less mattress Dimax (Dimax) Practik Basis Plus v13 consists of a single type of filler.
It is a plate of artificial latex with the height of 13 cm.
Due to the characteristics of the material, the mattress has a symmetric medium stiffness of the sides.
The product is covered with jacquard cover with quilted comfort layer, removable or not removable type for choice.
Soft foam is a hygienic material with anatomic properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PPU) are the characteristics similar to its natural counterpart, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is elastic and flexible, but, unlike the natural material, has greater rigidity.
It forms an anatomical mattress surface with quality support, which provides a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler provides durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
Quality mattress with no fear of temperature changes.
Anatomic, inexpensive and resistant to temperature changes, this mattress is ideal for a place to sleep at the cottage or country house.
Among its advantages are also the universal medium hardness and the maximum load up to 100 kg which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of GDP
At the end of 10 months of 2021 Russians spent on buying new cars 2 trillion 784 billion rubles, which is 28% more than during the same period last year, according to statistics from Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI).
To understand the scale - about the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the pandemic coronavirus.
Last September, at a meeting of the heads of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization countries, President Vladimir Putin said that such an amount was comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
The Korean brand Kia is the leader in the Russian market in terms of revenues.
During 10 months of this year it managed to sell cars for 325.7 billion rubles, almost 24% more than the year before.
Kia's sister brand Hyundai has had an even more significant increase of over 35%, and its proceeds from car sales are estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
The brand is also the leader in weighted average price increase of the car - for the year in Hyundai it has grown by almost 21%, to 1.94 million rubles - stronger dynamics of price increase was only in Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz.
At the same time, the sales volumes of Korean brands have grown not so significantly: according to the statistics of the Automobile Manufacturers Committee of the Association of European Business in Russia, in quantitative terms Kia sold over the same period 9.4% more cars than a year earlier.
Hyundai - almost by 12 %.
Japanese Toyota is third in sales volume in money terms - Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles for cars of this brand within 10 months, which is 14% more than a year before.
The Japanese are followed by Mercedes-Benz with 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand increased its sales volume (37%) and weighted average car price (almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
"Mercedes-Benz has a good growth in sales and weighted average price at the same time - more, for example, than BMW - hence a greater growth in financial capacity," explained the general director of NAPI Tatiana Arabadji. -
The Chinese brands, which have also significantly increased their financial capacity this year, are demonstrating fantastic sales growth rates.
Russian Lada shows the average market performance in terms of sales growth dynamics (plus 28%), for cars of this brand Russians spent over 10 months 229.4 billion rubles.
In terms of financial capacity, the companies whose car sales dropped in 2021 are at last year's level: Volkswagen, Mitsubishi, and Nissan, among others.
UAZ is even in the red - in 10 months Russians spent 12 billion rubles on SUVs and pickups of that brand against 12.4 billion rubles the year before.
Against the background of problems with automotive component supplies and production stoppages affecting the entire global auto industry, auto companies are continuously adjusting prices - AvtoVAZ raised the price of Lada models 7 times a year, the last price increase (by 8-10 thousand rubles) happened at the end of November.
Other automakers are also rewriting the prices of their products on a regular basis.
The volume of the Russian automobile market in monetary terms will keep growing - apart from the lack of cars, inflation and the desire of automakers to win back the previous losses are also contributing to it, according to experts.
In conditions of a deficit of cars, I think that many automakers even managed to partially pass on to the consumer the costs of past periods, which they could not lay in the price of cars earlier,
says Vladimir Bespalov, auto industry analyst at VTB Capital. -
I believe that, financially, automakers are feeling very well now, maintaining high sales margins."
An indirect indicator of this is the growth rate of cars cost, which is observed during 2021, the prices of new cars are growing faster than inflation, the expert specifies.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantity and in money terms, but mainly due to inflation and complications in the design of the cars themselves, Bespalov predicts.
As the supply grows, the opportunities for the price increase will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow next year, even if the growth in car prices slows down, the automakers will be able to get their income from the volumes, says Sergei Burgazliev, an independent consultant on the automobile industry.
Given the increased demand and insufficient supply, now automakers are striving to get the highest profit from each car sold, said Burgazliev. -
The increase in car production is not expected for at least half a year, and in Russia the agitation is further fueled by the uncertainty of citizens about the future.
Against the backdrop of the current market situation cars turned out to be a good investment - a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold for more than its original value, the expert stated.
Biden speaks out about deployment of the US military to Ukraine in case of Russian invasion
The US leadership has never considered sending the US military to Ukraine in case of Russia's "invasion".
U.S. President Joe Biden made this statement.
"There have never been any such plans," the White House head said, responding to a reporter's question about whether the U.S. had abandoned such an idea.
Biden noted that if the situation around Ukraine escalates, Russia will face economic consequences.
He stressed that the USA and NATO had no obligations to use military force to protect Ukraine in case of escalation.
The US leader also said that the possibility of using US troops unilaterally to defend Ukraine was not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades Ukraine, the U.S. would redeploy forces to eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, and Hungary).
"We will have to send more U.S. and NATO troops to the eastern flank, B9 all those NATO countries for which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack by Russia," Biden said.
Earlier, Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow has no intention of invading Ukraine.
At the same time, he pointed out that Moscow sees a problem in Kiev's military use of drones supplied by Turkey, as well as in the fact that "U.S. weapons are approaching our territory.
I leave such interviews right away.
If they want to make me listen to shouting, wait for hours, drink incomprehensible booze, and wash my cup at the interview, I can't imagine what will happen at work.
I will find myself a normal place, without a layer of eycharists, where you immediately talk to the head.
Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 cm mattress
Medium-high mattress of springless design Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 is made of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium-hard, the other is moderately hard.
The elegant white jacquard cover is quilted on synthetic cotton and has a zipper around the perimeter.
Two kinds of filling.
Sandwich model consists of eight layers of filling.
Thin plates of coconut coir are placed between the latex plates.
The layered structure of the mattress is distinguished by increased wear resistance, durability, and resistance to stress.
Natural latex in its characteristics is dense, elastic, breathable material.
The filling holds its shape and quickly recovers from stresses.
Coconut coir strengthens the durability of the product and naturally has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials creates a load-resistant orthopedic bed that will serve customers for many years.
Versatility and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and ages.
Medium-hard surface is universal with a balanced combination of orthopedic and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
The moderately hard bed is more relevant for those who need to "unload" the back and have healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for one person and for a couple.
The latter will especially appreciate the stable surface and the absence of the effect of "waves" when the vibrations on one side of the mattress can be transferred to the opposite side, disturbing a person while sleeping.
Desk easel "Studio" 20*24*54(65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
Table easel "Studio" with height-adjustable upper holder.
Suitable for small size canvases.
Material is natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists.
Smoothly adjustable angle of inclination.
Equipped with a shelf-support for canvases and flatbeds.
The upper support securely holds a canvas.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, the maximum size of a canvas is 40 cm.
If a fraudster, like an "employee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs" or another law enforcement agency, calls from such a number, it's ineffective to reset immediately, and it's probably not enough time to blacklist them.
Because to confirm his lie about being involved with the security forces, he quickly repeats the call and continues to intimidate and coax.
We need more useful recommendations for the people.
This is such nonsense...
I don't believe it was like that at all.
They don't know what to think of anymore, who to blame.
They got to the Queen.
And most importantly, in their opinion, everyone is to blame except the very, very best...
Wouldn't it be easier to leave people alone from coercion, of course, if our people care about their people.
Maybe all strains of the virus would disappear...
Like in Japan... they loosened up before the election and there were fewer infections...
A set of felting wool "Assorti No. 2" 100% merino wool 4x10 grams.
Felting as a craft originated eight thousand years ago, only for this activity was very difficult to find animal wool, and colored wool even more so.
But now voila!
We present a semi-fine natural felting wool from a Russian manufacturer, for which there is no need to run through the woods or pastures.
The unique properties of felting wool allow you to create bright and unique products.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, applications for creativity, jewelry, interior decorations and even clothing and accessories.
Imagine a pair of "felted" fluffy sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colorful necklace, which will look great with the new dress, or unique house slippers, which exactly no one else will have ...
Bring your ideas to life by "piling" this wonderful wool!
Maria Kartashova, what do you mean "in response to this"?
I do not voice my thoughts, I mentally curse you all.
In my head, I'm mentally cutting off the heads of all those who didn't give way to me, mentally send to the ditch and burn all the cars that are blocking my way, mentally everything!
And from the looks of it, I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas II during his reign did not sign a single death sentence.
Not even to such lawless criminals as Koba and his brigade.
And Bloody Sunday is already an invention of the Bolsheviks.
Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190 mattress.
Mattress, hard on both sides.
Natural material latex coconut coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary rigidity and firmness to the mattress.
Independent spring block TFK (512 springs per bed) offers unique comfort and proper support for the spine during sleep.
Cotton jacquard cover quilted with 200 grams.
It provides protection and coziness.
Max. load for a single bed: 130 kg.
My Little Horse.
Pony House with accessories, 6 pieces in display.
An adorable pony lives in a cozy, foldable pink house.
If you open it up, you can set a kitchen in one half of the house, and a table on the other half, with refreshments for guests.
The pony has big beautiful eyes, her mane and tail can be brushed with a brush.
The set includes: a 9 cm pony, comb, house (2 halves), buildable table (2 parts), kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), a cake with a heart (2 parts), a bottle of juice, 2 glasses, a tea cup and saucer.
MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
Alternating layers of latex and rigid coconut coir give the effect of improved body support.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress has no problem with bearing up to 170 kg of weight per bed.
At the same time, there is no ripple effect: spouses lying side by side do not roll over to each other, regardless of their weight difference.
The materials of the model have undergone rigorous quality control.
They are ventilated, do not dry out, do not absorb odors.
Thanks to the full circulation of air creates a unique microclimate, contributing to a healthy rest.
For fastening the details used high-strength hot-melt glue.
A film by Alexander Sokurov's student won the European Oscar for Best Film Editing
Oscar-nominated Russian film "Unclenching Fists" has won the European Film Academy Award (also called the "European Oscar") in the category "Best Editing," reports "Moskovsky Komsomolets."
The jury, which voted online because of the difficult epidemiological situation, appreciated the outstanding skills of the filmmakers.
Maximum number of awards received this time by Jasmila Žbanić (Bosnia), "Where are you going, Aida?
The main character of the tape - a translator at the UN mission, which is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Unclenching Fists," directed by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film is about the difficult relationship between an overbearing father and children who want to free themselves from their father's custody as adults in North Ossetia.
Earlier it was announced that this film had been nominated for an Oscar as the best film made in a foreign language.
As the regular friendly meetings between the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan and Turkey show, I think you are, to put it mildly, out of touch.
Just yesterday the president of Azerbaijan approved the opening of a joint Azerbaijani-Russian KAMAZ enterprise.
