The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee corresponds to 40% of the value of the goods...
I am a #PRS_ORG # major customer and so it's no problem for me.
All I need is a number or instruction on what I should include with the package so that it can be tracked by you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG # a few days ago... for 249€.
Today, it costs 179€.
To be honest, I find that very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and reorder for the better price or is there another way to get a credit?
In principle, I also think that children should not be expected to take on a parent role for their little siblings.
However, I think it is also good for big siblings to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Take a quick look, help, bring the bottle, etc.
In this way, they learn responsibility, help with the family and are involved.
As long as they can still be enough children themselves, I don't see a problem.
If your K1 is busy alone for the short time and it's OK for him, that's good.
It is best for you to judge for yourself whether this is suitable for your children.
It is not the case that he should wrap K2 and accompany him falling asleep for hours.
Legally speaking, it is probably questionable.
Perhaps that's why the psychologist's statement comes from.
Because if something should actually happen such as a fire, burglary, earthquake, alien invasion, etc., it would actually be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk that you want to take is of course up to you;)
Please help me find the title of a book again!
I remember reading a crime thriller a few years ago and I can still remember almost the entire plot, but I don't want to think of the title anymore maybe someone here knows about it...
The story was about anxiety and treating it.
At the beginning of the story, a zookeeper commits suicide by showering himself with food and going into the enclosure with his big cats.
The case is taken over by a female commissioner who, after a brief investigation, gets to his therapist who runs a clinic where he treats anxiety patients.
The commissioner has a little niece who is also afraid (of fire) and ends up with this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who, before each suicide, is commissioned anonymously to go to the scene of the suicide and to document it and to post the photos on the Internet.
In any case, it ultimately turns out that this therapist runs a kind of underground therapy group where the patient is transplanted a chip that suppresses an anxiety center in the brain and the patients ultimately face their fear in the most extreme way.
(one woman jumps out the window another drives herself to death on purpose)
Facing fear is referred to in the book as “the fight.”
At the end, there is a big showdown in the clinic that had to do with a fire.
That's the rough plot I'm pretty sure that the original book was written by a French author/author.
If anyone is aware of this plot or someone can even tell me the title of the book, I would be very happy.
Oh dear, I don't have the WiFi password available.
I need to contact my husband first.
But that can take a while.
What steps do I have to take after that?
Is it also possible to have the price difference remitted?
child, 4 years old, splinter under the thumb nail
Child, four years old, has wood splinters under the thumb nail (outside) over the entire length.
Trying to pull it out with tweezers.
Very difficult to grasp.
Didn't work out and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No more chance.
I'm going to the doctor tomorrow.
All Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools are carefully inspected, tested and are subject to strict controls by Bosch quality assurance.
Bosch therefore provides a guarantee for Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools.
The buyer's claims for defects arising from the purchase contract with the seller as well as legal rights are not limited by this warranty.
We provide a warranty for these tools in accordance with the following conditions:
We provide a guarantee in accordance with the following regulations (Nos. 2 — 7) by remedying defects in the tool free of charge, which can be proven to be based on a material or manufacturing defect within the warranty period.
The warranty period is 24 months, 12 months for commercial or professional use or equivalent use.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the first customer.
The date on the original purchase receipt is decisive.
For all commercial blue power tools and measuring tools purchased from 01.09.2004 (with the exception of high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers and pneumatic tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks of the date of purchase.
Battery packs and chargers as well as included accessories are excluded from this warranty extension.
Registration can only be done on the Internet at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
Confirmation is the registration receipt, which must be printed out immediately, as well as the original purchase receipt, which shows the date of purchase.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data to be entered there.
Parts that are subject to wear and tear due to use or other natural wear and tear, as well as defects in the tool due to use or other natural use, abnormal environmental conditions, unrelated operating conditions, overloading or lack of maintenance or care are excluded from the warranty.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessories, supplements or spare parts that are not genuine Bosch parts.
Tools to which changes or additions have been made.
Minor deviations from the intended quality, which are irrelevant to the value and usability of the tool.
The defect recognized by us as subject to warranty shall be remedied in such a way that we repair the defective tool at our discretion free of charge or replace it with a faultless tool (possibly also a successor model).
Replaced tools or parts become our property.
When did the deadline expire
According to the Distance Selling Act, I have a right of withdrawal of 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
Thanks to the combination of digital decoder and sound module on a printed circuit board, we achieve dimensions of only 30mm x15.5mm and can therefore be installed in almost any H0 and 0 gauge locomotives.
LokSound 5 decoders are offered with all common interfaces and always come with an 11x15mm “sugar cube” loudspeaker and sound capsule kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a true multi-protocol decoder.
It masters the DCC data format as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In DCC format, 14 to 128 speed steps are as self-evident as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, decoders log on to a suitable digital center fully automatically.
It masters all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom®, the CV values on the main track can be read out with suitable control panels.
Auxiliary registers exist for control centers that can only program CVs from 1-255.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speed steps at 255 addresses.
Three other Motorola® addresses enable 16 functions to be triggered.
A built-in programming mode also makes reprogramming possible with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic login to mfx® -compatible control panels.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes the Märklin® braking distances as well as ZIMO® HLU brake commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
Braking with DCC brake components or with DC voltage is also possible.
In addition, it also stops with a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC automatic shuttle train enables automatic commuting between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analog DC and AC railways.
After my voucher is no longer extended in an accommodating manner due to a complaint that I have not received, I will receive my order worth approx.
#NUMBER #€ Remove from my shopping cart and order somewhere else where customer friendliness is higher and I don't have to tap my fingers sore to achieve absolutely nothing!!
What should I do with this number then?
Because of Omicron: Johnson wants to push ahead with booster vaccination
Politics and science are constantly raising new Omicron cases in Great Britain.
All qualifying adults in England should therefore receive a vaccination offer by New Year's Day.
London — British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to make even faster progress on corona booster vaccinations than previously targeted in light of rapidly rising Omicron figures.
Every adult in England should have the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year, as long as at least three months have passed since the second vaccination, Johnson said in a pre-recorded video message to his compatriots on Sunday evening.
So far, the target date has been the end of January.
The British government will provide additional support to speed up vaccination campaigns in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
In view of the Omicron variant, there is an emergency, which is why vaccination protection urgently needs to be strengthened, Johnson said.
The good news is that the level of protection can be increased again with a third dose of vaccination.
“Get boosted now!” Johnson said.
On Sunday, 1239 more Omicron cases were recorded in the UK, bringing the total to 3,137.
Compared to the previous day, this was an increase of a whopping 65 percent. dpa
Will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price upon collection?
I am in favour of everyone introducing themselves with pronouns
I've sent out an application.
Today I received an invitation to an interview by email.
I want to reply to the email.
But unfortunately the name is not “Peter”, but a somewhat more complicated name.
I googled him and depending on where he/she comes from a cultural background, it's either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how to write the email now.
can anyone help me please
** I am a foreigner and I don't want to step over an official's feet.
Conclusion: Everyone should introduce themselves with pronouns.
Have a total of 5 books on it.
4 of them go.
Only the one I bought today doesn't work
Obviously, the chair had an invisible defect when sold.
How else can such upholstery damage occur after 9 months?
First tried on the #PRS_ORG #.
But this has been working for approx.
14 days no more.
That's why I always bought the last books via the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG #.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG # but I wanted to buy 8.
However, there were no more.
Now they are available again and I would like you to please add 2 chairs to the order and charge me for that.
[CW] The feeling when I can't help.
Content warning: I'm going to write something a bit more detailed about domestic violence here.
I just have to write something off my mind.
I (21) come into contact with victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence more frequently for professional reasons.
One issue that really gnaws at me and unfortunately happens far too often is that many victims don't want to be helped or think we couldn't help them.
It is perfectly clear to me that we cannot do everything and that it is not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my job that move me more than if I can't do anything in such situations.
I see the bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in private conversation with the perpetrator far out of sight and hearing range, I can't reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the usual social environment, fear of snatching the children out of it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes very close to tears myself, is that everyone is worth being able to live without violence.
I want all women to know that they do not simply have to accept violence.
I often wish I could help with that in any case... I know I can't.
But it never gets any easier as a result.
Please, always remember that you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
“Arcane” on Netflix: What good is the series for “League of Legends”?
Lots of fantasy, lots of complicated names, a breathtaking presentation: “Arcane”, the series from the “League of Legends” computer game universe, has recently been released on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the two season that has already been announced?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle of MHP giants Ludwigsburg at Merlins Crailsheim
Youngster Johannes Patrick could at least be relied on.
Nothing again: For the second time in less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick had said, looking back at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim cup defeat at the beginning of October: “We still have some anger in our guts.”
However, it didn't subside after the game - but increased again in view of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the basketball Bundesliga.
The manner of the performance was even more disappointing than the naked result.
Representative is a statistic that expresses the entire dilemma: The three-way quota was just 13 percent, 4 hits (all from young Johannes Patrick) in a whopping 31 attempts - any more questions?
John Patrick provided the answer: “We simply weren't focused enough after the win at Tenerife and didn't do what we trained.”
Which is to move the ball.
His counterpart Sebastian Gleim reacted completely differently: “To win a great game for the second time against Ludwigsburg,” said the lucky coach.
“It felt like 10,000 people did.”
Only 750 visitors were allowed in the Hohenlohe Arena on Saturday, but they got their money's worth.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who scored 22 points and steered his team's game.
“The best playmaker I've ever trained,” Gleim praised.
While in Patrick's team, top performers such as Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed across the board.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) did the giants prevent a total debacle and came up to eight points after being 39:59 behind.
In addition to Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon scored twelve points.
Fortunately, there is not much time to quarrel.
The giants are already welcoming the Skyliners Frankfurt on Wednesday (7 pm), in front of a maximum of 750 spectators in Ludwigsburg.
We used to have a different email address, but I've changed it.
Yes, I got in touch a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We have informed ourselves again legally and have therefore contacted them again.
We originally got in touch half a year ago.
Always peeled out of an egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He is able to inspire his audience with new interpretations of hits from the 20s and 30s.
He is currently on the road with the program “Guten Tag, Liebes Glück” - if he is allowed to perform.
Max Raabe would actually have wanted to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing comes of that.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - “on official instructions” in order to contain the corona virus.
Other of his performances planned during the Advent season must also be canceled, as stated on the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January, the artists want to make up for their dates that had already been postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe sang a lot as a teenager.
He studied opera singing in Berlin, and in 1986 he founded the Palast Orchestra together with fellow students.
Since then, the baritone has established himself in the style of the Comedian Harmonists with his repertoire of hits and chansons.
He has received numerous awards.
His live album from the “MTV Unplugged” series (2019) reached second place on the charts - just like his successful album “Für Frauen ist das kein Problem” (2013).
He has made it out of the niche and into the mainstream.
Always dressed elegantly, his blond hair strictly combed back and careful of etiquette, Max Raabe has become an integral part of the current German-language music landscape.
He has been on tour since 2020. dpa
Hello #NAME #, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It can be supplemented with existing furniture and so we could check beforehand whether it matches the color
It still doesn't work I can only crave the cover page but can't leaf through.
Federal Minister of Construction Klara Geywitz: Expropriation does not create a new apartment
The new Federal Minister of Construction Klara Geywitz (SPD) has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing groups, as demanded in a referendum in Berlin.
“Expropriation does not create a single new apartment, it only changes the ownership structure,” said Geywitz in an interview with the “Tagesspiegel” (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants peace of mind that their rent will remain affordable over the next few years.
Incidentally, a colorful mix of private landlords, cooperatives or housing associations, for example, is the best protection against the formation of a monopoly.
In Berlin, the coalition of the SPD, the Greens and the Left Party wants to set up a commission of experts on how to deal with the outcome of the referendum.
However, if the situation does not ease, Geywitz did not rule out talks with the FDP in the traffic light coalition about further tightening tenancy law.
The coalition agreement provides for a rent brake until 2029, a limitation of rent increases in tense housing markets and an expansion of the rent index.
I will speak to the Minister of Justice to implement this as quickly as possible.
If the rental market still doesn't relax, “we will talk to the coalition partners about further steps,” emphasized the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and after a few days I noticed that I had forgotten the last step in the payment.
Unfortunately, the product is no longer available now.
Do they know when it will be back in stock?
Or will it come again at all?
#PRS_ORG # with storage space (180 x #NUMBER # cm),
Voucher sounds great
Then I redeem it independently for the new order
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long does it take to ship?
I've already cut my finger
That's an absolute impudence
At least 100 dead from tornadoes in Kentucky
Numerous tornadoes have passed through the USA in a devastating storm system.
In Kentucky alone, there could be more than 100 deaths.
The pictures from there are reminiscent of a war zone.
On Saturday night, several tornadoes caused severe devastation in the USA and may have claimed up to a hundred deaths.
The storms leave behind an approximately 320 kilometers long trail of devastation, particularly in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor Andy Beshear said after a visit to the disaster area that everywhere the tornado went through, everything was gone.
Houses, businesses, government buildings — just gone.
Parts of industrial facilities, roofs are in the trees.
It's hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He expects up to a hundred deaths in the state of Kentucky alone, and official figures are rising every hour.
Hello, I just saw that the display case #NAME # is sold out.
That's a shame.
Is it still being produced?
Or is it completely removed from the range?
Is it possible to order this display case in another country?
until when do you report?
If the delivery cannot be made to my apartment, I must cancel the order!
I understand that, but can I order the blanket now and have it delivered to Germany that is in the shopping cart?
I had returned an item or submitted a return via the contact form and wanted to ask if it was received or processed, as I have not yet received a confirmation.
Companies pay vaccination premiums and change advertising slogans
While the federal government continues to reject the proposals for a vaccination premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative themselves and are offering their employees cash bonuses for vaccination.
This puts them in line with the social partners ÖGB and the Chamber of Commerce, who today demanded financial incentives for vaccination.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination calls - following the German model - is also intended to increase the willingness to receive corona vaccinations.
He switched to a company that he blasphemed about.
That doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and see and drink tea.
It was a year ago.
He obviously didn't sew himself into his old spot and was looking for something else.
You can do that too.
And that he didn't like you back then: well, it doesn't matter.
He didn't like his job either.
There are too many variables.
Please take up the cancellation.
That will then be legally relevant.
I'm making a screen shot.
Hello - I'm interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Is it also available in large 230cm?
We stock all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories in our online shop kitchenpoint.de.
We always check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new fully automatic coffee machine from Smeg brings freshly ground coffee into your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matt colors in combination with the matt brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG fully automatic coffee machine with milk frother a design object.
In line with the reduced design, all functions such as grind and water volume, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, ristretto or a mild coffee, can be selected with just four buttons.
Thanks to the steam lance, coffee milk and milk foam specialties can also be prepared.
Help with your first own campaign
Boron in salute!
I am currently leading the adventure Over the Griffin Pass for a group of 4 friends and would like to seamlessly guide my heroes into a campaign specially written for the players.
We're playing DSA 5.
The big berth has been made, the villains and their motivations have been written, the individual acts have been made up and now I'm about to write the entry-level adventure and stumble over my own feet from the very first encounter.
The premise is that the heroes are to bring a wagon of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near Lake Thuan.
The further plot is to develop there.
A few miles from the village, a group of goblins is supposed to ambush the heroes and lure them into an ambush.
I want to give the player characters the opportunity to solve the confrontation in a variety of ways: persuade, act, threaten, detect the danger early, whatever the players can think of.
Group strength: 8 common goblins, 2 armed with spears, 6 armed with bows and sabers
When not noticed, the goblins lie in wait for the hero in a ravine and flank the carriage armed with three bows on the left and right, while two stop the carriage with spears.
Should there be a fight and the heroes are defeated, I have two solutions
1. The heroes are all unconscious and then found and healed by the son of the village Schulzen, a half-elf.
The cart is gone, of course.
2. Should defeat be inevitable, this half-elf intervenes with two of his servants and comes to the aid of the heroes in battle.
The cart is still there, everything is great.
How appropriate do you consider Deus ex Machina to solution 2?
Is the Encounter too much as an introduction to adventure?
The group of goblins will play a decisive role later on, so it is not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: Wow, I didn't expect so many answers, especially not so many great suggestions and tips.
I am guaranteed to heed many of your ideas and now I have more confidence in my narratives again.
I disassembled the lamp again.
And put it back together again.
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work.
That's why I'd still like to send them back
Can you then have the return receipts come, then I can pack the lamp and bring it to #PRS_ORG #.
Save shipping costs and time - while relieving the burden on the environment!
If you need more than one item, please click on “Pay now” when you have all the items in your shopping cart.
This means that combined shipping is automatically calculated and you get everything in one package.
This approach saves you the hassle of multiple checkout/payments and the environment is happy, as no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel are used to deliver multiple packages.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule, we ship your shipment on the same working day if payment is received by 14:00.
To ensure that your package arrives as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is also written on your mailbox and bell.
Would you like us to send your package to a packing station?
Then please select DHL, because only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL packing stations.
We will send you an email with the shipment number, if you have selected DHL or DPD as the sender.
This means that you can check where your package is from around 22:00.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be delighted if you would rate us positively and give us all five stars in the detailed ratings.
Should it ever happen that not everything has gone to your complete satisfaction, we would be grateful if you get in touch with us before you leave a review.
This is the only way we have the chance to do everything we can to make you happy.
We didn't do anything with the chair.
suddenly the crack was there
I was just sitting on it
Here, the lower part, i.e. the part with storage space, was damaged.
Will everything be picked up again or will only the storage space be part of it?
I'm annoyed by Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the season, the quality on the German Sky has declined more and more, so I want to breathe a bit with this post.
First of all, the broadcast was canceled today in the middle of the F2 race in order to start the F1 pre-reporting on time.
Although the schedule was far behind schedule due to the delayed start and start accident, you would still have the last (planned) ten minutes and the championship decision (!) can still show.
Apparently, however, it is the case that F1 enjoys priority for legal reasons and therefore everything else has to be limited, so Sky DE probably had no choice here.
Still stupid, especially since Sky UK has finished broadcasting the race.
Nevertheless, small praise: commentator Olivier Zwartyes accompanied the difficult situation surrounding the serious accident well.
Then there was once again a lack of knowledge of the rules among commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher in F1, so both did not know that tires could be changed under a red flag.
Although this situation has already existed in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both only came to the conclusion that Verstappen could change tires when there were corresponding radio messages to Hamilton on this topic.
At Sky UK and RTL, both commentators knew immediately that Verstappen had this opportunity.
I am of the opinion that you should simply know such elementary rules when commenting on F1 on a pay-TV channel.
It is also not the first guesswork as to what is now possible or prescribed according to the rules, both simply have constant uncertainties about rules.
In general, I don't like Roos's contrived commentary style, but admit that it's a matter of taste.
But I seriously even like Heiko Wasser from RTL better there.
There are also constant silliness that simply make both look unprofessional, such as ordering coffee from the (equally unsuspecting) reporter Peter Hardenacke or “uuuuHD” by Ralf Schumacher.
The latter in particular brings a lot of unrest to the comment, which he obviously doesn't take it seriously.
Last but not least, advertising simply gets out of hand on Sky, in the run-out lap, Sky is the only channel that goes into advertising, as you can listen to on F1TV, as only the German audio track has to go without comment right after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do that.
These two stations also advertise less in the training sessions than Sky, and that as a free TV channel.
Glock and Baumgartner must be praised for their work, but that alone doesn't let me ignore the disadvantages.
The rest of the Sky Sport F1 program is also very poor and full of repetitions.
Overall, Sky is really the worst German-language station to broadcast F1.
Unironically, RTL is doing a better job apart from advertising in the four races that they are still allowed to broadcast.
In any case, the grandiose F1 season is much less fun than would be possible with a reasonable broadcaster.
I would be interested in your opinion.
On this: #PRS_ORG # pendant lamp, brass and multi-colored glass x 1
Hello, I have an item that was due to be delivered last week and it's still not being delivered.
I've contacted the chat twice and so far nothing.
The first lady told me it would be sent on Monday, the second lady told me yesterday that she will check and send an email and she never responded.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG # on 12/12/19.
One of them had a defect after a relatively short time (the fabric has a hole in the front part of the chair).
I ask for support.
Fan pumps are ideal for supplying an aquarium with additional oxygen.
It is also possible to operate a filter system via an air lift.
This series is offered by us in 3 variants.
Take a look at the table at the end of the offer.
There you can see the performance in comparison.
If the pumps are powerful enough, entire systems can be operated with them.
If you have a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are suitable so that you can connect several vents.
The MK series has one, two or four outputs, but depending on the fan pump model, they are also suitable for setting an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with an air curtain (you can find it in our shop) or with a decoration that converts the air bubbles into a function.
A treasure chest, shell or similar could be mentioned here.
The MK series has a special, sound-insulated construction and thus ensures low operating noise.
The installation is very easy.
The fan pump is connected to an air vent or similar by means of a 4/6 mm air hose... and you're ready to go.
The fan pump should be equal to or higher than the water level and should be mounted on the outside.
If the fan pump is lower than the water level, a check valve should be placed in between.
Simply cut through the air hose and place the valve in between.
This would prevent if water were to run backwards, the water from the pool running through the pump...
If the fan pump is installed outdoors, it should, like other air pumps, be covered and protected from moisture
The MK series pumps are pure powerhouses that use little energy
Even though we specify the processing time here on eBay as 3 days, packing is done daily and parcels are also picked up here daily.
If everything goes well on the way, it's very fast.
We just want to prevent a little so that no one is upset just because it took a little longer.
It would be the case that not everyone understands all the employees who also work in freight forwarding... of course, no corona stops here.
Please do not rate badly just because delivery is delayed, this is exclusively due to the parcel services.
People like to grumble about these services, of course, even if we say at the moment... they have a damn hard time
This is also very different from region to region.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that there will be better times again.
How long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrests?
Do you also know how to order the legs in bright here?
Amazon founder Bezo sends astronaut daughter and presenter into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers took a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos's “New Shepard” rocket system from Blue Origin.
The take-off and landing of the approximately ten-minute flight took place in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky, Bezos himself welcomed the newly crowned astronauts after their return.
“Welcome back,” said Bezos, dressed in a blue spacesuit, as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
To the applause of friends, family and employees of Blue Origin, the six passengers gradually climbed out and embraced the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they were on the road for ten minutes and 13 seconds, reaching an altitude of 107 kilometers.
74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of Alan Shepard (1923-1998), who flew into space as a NASA astronaut in 1961 and after whom the Blue Origin rocket system is named, and 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were guests of honor of the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: space engineer Dylan Taylor, Investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not disclose how much they paid for their ticket.
Laura Shepard Churchley recalled her father's mission after the short flight.
He had to work hard during his assignments and did everything himself.
She just flew along, said the 74-year-old with a laugh.
Michael Strahan was also enthusiastic.
He would like to return to space right away, said the presenter.
“New Shepard” flies up to 100 kilometers altitude
The missile system “New Shepard” flies largely automated.
The capsule, which was separated from the rocket during the flight, reached a height of around 100 kilometers above ground, temporarily with weightlessness, before the reusable object landed again, slowed down by large parachutes.
The International Aviation Federation and many other experts see 100 kilometers above the Earth as a border to space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was Blue Origin's third manned all-outing: On the first in July, Amazon founder Bezos himself was on board, together with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second in October featured 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, who became world-famous with his role as “Captain Kirk” in “Star Trek,” as well as former NASA engineer Chris Boshuizen, entrepreneur Glen de Vries and deputy boss of Blue Origin Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of advancing the space tourism business largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and regardless of the climate.
At the touch of a button, you can easily select whether your “smart stone” should shine permanently in one color or play through its entire color repertoire.
When set to change color, the luminous stone retains a light color for around a minute before gently transitioning to the next decorative shade.
The solid construction of the “Smart Stone” luminaire is proven outdoors all year round.
In fact, their light is particularly good in snowy surroundings — only a shorter lighting time can be expected as soon as the days turn out to be shorter.
In winter, please only make sure that no snow impairs the function of the solar module.
“Smart Stone” uses a NiMH battery in the usual Mignon (“AA”) format, which can be easily replaced if required.
You can purchase a suitable replacement battery from our web shop and thus extend the service life of your decorative lamp even further.
High gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, in particular for the design of rims, wheel trims, paintable plastic parts with appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR offers a smudge-proof and weatherproof chrome spray for the first time.
The optimum effect is achieved on a black background, e.g. by pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single box and in a set incl. Effect primer and tack cloth for optimal paint preparation.
For use on metal, wood, glass, paintable hard plastics, stone.
Perfect that matches:) I don't need to settle anything else?
All you need is the tracking number on my email?
Someone who works in biochemistry or has studied biochemistry
I am currently studying biochemistry in my first semester and actually find the subject quite exciting in itself and standing in the laboratory doesn't bother me either (I've already completed my inorganic chemistry internship).
Of course, I also found out about career prospects before I started my studies, but at that time I also thought that I would certainly like to and will study until I finish my doctorate.
At the moment, however, I have doubts, particularly oppressive about the career prospects.
On the one hand (Studycheck, etc.), you always hear great career opportunities and the profession is totally sought after, on the other hand, you always hear about unemployed biologists and incredibly poorly paid jobs.
That's why I would be really interested:
1) What are you currently working as?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What did you study/what training did you do?
4) Would you do the whole thing again?
Thank you for your answers!
I am really uncertain at the moment and may be considering dropping out of my studies and training as an IT specialist in 2022.
If you have any experience there, feel free to write them:)
Extra stress before holidays & holiday weekends
I came up with this topic last week.
But now I had to use my long weekend to relax from it.
That's why only now a post on it.
Not only before big holidays, such as the Christmas holidays, are there great stress in our company.
It seems that they also exist before public holidays plus long weekends.
It was like this: Last week was the Assumption Day, which we in Switzerland call the “Auffahrt”.
On Friday, the vast majority of people and companies have a bridging day, which is therefore semi-official.
So there was a long 4-day weekend in the house last week.
So what went on last week
Stress everywhere.
A lot of emails that absolutely had to leave before the ascent, order here order there, everything *unconditionally * before the long weekend.
Because... yes because?
Because “next week then” sounds like so much time and that shouldn't be the case?
Or because people in all seriousness want to do as much in a shortened week as they do in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but I was also very annoyed.
What is this self-hostage because of holidays
Why do we still have public holidays if we can't really treat ourselves to them?!
Mind you, the stress didn't come from above, the colleagues were all completely independent.
My question is simple: Are only we like that, the Swiss?
Is this our Reformed Protestant style?
Or do you know that in the north too?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - but doesn't have any presents yet.
“The nice thing is that even if there is no snow in Erfurt, you simply drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest,” said the actress and singer Hit Radio FFH.
She will get in the mood for the festival by baking and making cookies with her son.
“I love that,” Catterfeld said.
But she still has a lot to do before the contemplative days: “For the first time, I don't have any gifts yet, I finally have to get started now.”
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth moulting process and new plumage formation.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 mcg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-organic gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of plumage damage occurring in bird husbandry is exclusively due to nutritional errors.
Since the plumage consists of protein-containing substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein diet of the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a flawless plumage.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily diet must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
A large part of the animal losses that occur during moulting are due to a lack or unbalanced protein intake and/or insufficient supply of vitamins and minerals.
The composition of NEKTON-Bio explicitly takes into account and balances the unfavorable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feeds.
No other vitamin supplement should be given while using NEKTON-BIO.
NEKTON-BIO is soluble in cold water and can be easily administered via drinking water or soft food.
Thank you so much I've found
Unfortunately it still doesn't work
GDR handicraft model old building electric locomotive E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the locomotive was in use in Silesia and Central Germany, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railwayman ME issue 11/1968, used with traces of play and missing parts see photos, function good, The E 95 series is a heavy freight train electric locomotive of the German Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal block trains in the Silesian network, may also have come from the small series companies ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is located in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and we are refurbished for operation
In 1924, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft had commissioned AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive that would be able to transport 2,200-ton coal trains and 530-ton passenger trains at a cruising speed of 45 km/h on this route.
The maximum speed required was 65 km/h.
In March 1926, the DRG thus determined delivery as a 1'Co+Co1' locomotive with Tatzlager drive AEG with the delivery of the mechanical part, Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which received the operating numbers E 95 01—06.
All survived the Second World War and then found themselves on the territory of the later GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives arrived in the Soviet Union as reparations.
They returned to Germany by November 1952.
At the Reichsbahn repair plant in Dessau, the worthiness of all six locomotives was determined.
[4] When, as the Central German grid progressed, there was an increasing demand for locomotives for heavy freight train service, the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were refurbished in 1959, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts donors.
First, the E 04, E 44 and E 94, which are available in larger quantities, were preferably built up.
It was only when it was foreseeable that the workup number could not be increased any further in the case of the E 94 did the E 95 become the focus of the workup.
[4] Initially, the locomotives were stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren depot.
They came to the Halle P depot in 1960.
They were used in a separate circulation plan, mostly in front of coal trains from the Geiseltal in the direction of Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
With increasing age, the complicated control of the locomotives proved problematic.
It often happened that contactors stuck during switching operations.
Then the sideman, who was constantly traveling on this locomotive, had to release the shooter again while driving with a hammer and wooden wedge.
Damage to the traction motors occurred frequently and led to months-long failures of the locomotive.
[5] Since enough new-build locomotives were available at the end of the 1960s and a significant expansion of electrical operation was not planned at the time, the Reichsbahn was able to dispense with old locomotives and most types of fragmentation, so that the E 95 was decommissioned.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn only wanted to occupy electric locomotives with one man, which would have caused a problem in train operation due to the aforementioned difficulties with the machines and visibility from the driver's cab.
[5] After the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were shut down in mid-1969, they were the last to follow the E 95 01, which resigned from service on October 5, 1970.
The envisaged new designation 255 001 was therefore never used.
With the exception of the E 95 02, all locomotives were dismantled.
The E 95 02 was installed as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a turnout heating system at Halle main station.
It took some time before those responsible at the Reichsbahn could be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the initial exterior refurbishment of the locomotive began with the aim of being able to present it at a vehicle show in RAW Dessau.
[5] Since then, it belonged to the Dresden Transport Museum as a non-operational museum locomotive.
The interior of the locomotive was completed in 1986.
In the DB Museum Halle (Saale), the locomotive is looked after as a museum.
Since 1995, employees of the traditional Bw Hall P community have been working on the operational refurbishment of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive was presented for the first time at an exhibition at the Arnstadt Museum Bw with new inner and outer paintwork, during which the transformers were checked and five traction motors are operational.
-The locomotives were in service on the Silesian Mountain Railway and the branching branch lines until 1945, where they proved themselves due to their reliable drive and low maintenance requirements.
In February 1945, the machines were relocated to Leipzig to become a Central German network.
The main area of application was initially Silesia
Handicraft model H0 in original box, function good, optical rework on the locomotive is necessary in-house, dusty, with signs of play, cellar smell!!! , very rare handicraft model, very small edition - the kit may also come from the small series companies ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and signs of storage.
yes the F parts are
I received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with a part.
The center beam is held by two feet.. unfortunately these are too narrow and the beam cannot be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now
I can't set up the bed.
The center beam is held by two feet, which are unfortunately produced incorrectly.
The center bar does not fit into the bracket provided.
So I get new ones sent to me.
When will they be sent out?
no no flat ones.
According to the assembly instructions, these are the correct ones in terms of shape, they were only too narrow
But that doesn't matter.
main thing is that they fulfill their purpose
They're not flat with me
Could I have this sent to you?
Hello #NAME #, should I explain the problem to you again
Residential fire with two minor injuries and high damage
Two people were slightly injured in a fire in a residential building in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, there was an estimated loss in the six-figure euro range, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had probably spread from a carport to the adjacent residential building in Kinsau (Landsberg am Lech district).
Two residents were reportedly taken to hospital on Sunday with mild smoke poisoning.
The exact cause of the fire was initially unknown, but the police did not assume that the fire would be set intentionally.
The Fürstenfeldbruck police department has taken over the further investigation.
But it arrives much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To refute fake news - BioNTech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Ugur Şahin posted a photo of his first vaccination in early 2021 on the social network “LinkedIn”
Biontech boss Ugur Şahin had not yet publicly commented on his vaccination status.
The entrepreneur has now published a photo showing his corona vaccination.
Şahin said that a friend's illness had prompted him to do so.
CEO and co-founder of Mainz-based company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing him receiving a vaccination against the coronavirus.
There was misinformation on social media that I was allegedly not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I received 3 doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine,” Şahin wrote in a post on the LinkedIn network on Friday.
“For several months now, friends have been urging me to post a photo of me getting vaccinated to counter these false rumors.”
So far, he has rejected this because communication should not revolve around him.
But a phone call last week changed his mind: “I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is fighting a serious Covid-19 disease and has been hanging on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family were not vaccinated, wrote Şahin.
He didn't ask why.
“However, the most common cause seems to be fear, which is often fueled by misinformation and mistrust.”
Fear is difficult to combat with facts, and sometimes it is better to share personal experiences because of this.
An interview with Deutsche Welle is circulating on the Internet, in which Ugur Şahin says that he is not vaccinated.
However, the video was made in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself also clarified.
“I am currently not allowed by law to get the vaccine myself,” Şahin said at the time.
In Germany, there is a prioritization for vaccination of the vaccine.
In the meantime, the prioritization has been lifted for a long time - and according to his own statements, the Biontech boss has been vaccinated three times.
Fire in substation: Tens of thousands of people without electricity
In several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia, the lights went out on Friday evening: no more electricity and in many cases therefore probably no heating.
A fire had paralyzed a substation.
After a fire with severe damage in a substation, tens of thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia had to live without electricity for around 24 hours.
As a result of the fire, the lights went out on 41,000 affected residents in several municipalities on Friday evening.
The utility company Westnetz reported that numerous emergency power units were in operation on Saturday until the large-scale fault could finally be completely remedied late in the evening.
THW firefighters and helpers provided support in the municipalities.
The authorities offered childcare places in schools and called for neighborhood help.
The provider thanked those affected for their patience and the helpers for their commitment.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant restrictions.
We would also like to thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire departments and THW for their tireless efforts,” said Florian Witt, Head of Primary Technology in a statement on Saturday evening.
It will take a few more days to repair the damage, as Westnetz fitters were only able to temporarily put some lines back into operation at first, he explained.
According to the company, a technical defect led to the fire.
electricity is flowing again
According to Westnetz, the fire that broke out on Friday around 7:15 PM severely damaged parts of the 10,000 volt switchgear in the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid substation.
Extensive cleaning and repair work is necessary there.
In parallel, a connection to a 30,000 volt voltage level had been created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply is restored.
Since 18:00 on Saturday, over 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth would have had electricity again.
A further 20,000 inhabitants of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually switched on from 9:30pm.
Since 11:15 PM, those most recently affected by the outage have also had electricity.
More than 80 fitters from Westnetz and partner companies were deployed.
The authorities had also called for neighborhood assistance following the installation of an emergency power supply for important buildings on Saturday afternoon.
“It is now important that citizens take care of elderly or single people in their neighbourhood and tell local firefighting equipment stores when help is needed,” explained District Administrator Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
When setting up and operating emergency power units, the focus was primarily on residents of old people's homes.
In addition, according to authorities, childcare places have been temporarily set up in schools for those people who were unable to take care of themselves or who need current-dependent medical equipment or are dependent on medical care.
Good day!
Unfortunately, the blanket is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay them in euros?
It is the bedspread #PRS_ORG # in teal.
I hope you have a great day too and please stay healthy ♡
But I can't mount the base on the table top.
It is custom #NAME #.
There are 3 versions of them.
We wanted those with table top diameters of #NUMBER #
we got 155cm in diameter.
My #PRS_ORG # arrived today, but I can't push them together and therefore shorten them.
Can you help me with that?
Otherwise I would have to send it back, otherwise it is not suitable for the purpose.
I would be happy to hear from you
yes that's really easier!
Then we'll do it this way!
will you send me the return slip by email
The repair is now complete.
I had already tried this before the chat.
However, I hadn't restarted the E- #PRS_ORG # before buying it.
Should I do that now
I find such a low credit note almost outrageous.
We disagree with that
Nordic combined: Combined Riiber wins
German Nordic combined teams Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid sprinted onto the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
The duo once again had to admit defeat to the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started the cross-country ski trail with a large margin after ski jumping.
Return order number #NUMBER #
When will the money be returned to my account?
Yes, we've remade both s and are using version 4.5...
could it be that they have heard of problems several times
I bought a book directly with my #PRS_ORG #, it seems to be on it too.
As soon as I want to open it, the message comes up, oops!
This document could not be opened.
File may be broken, please contact customer service.
As far as I can tell, it's a #PRS_ORG #epub file.
Can they help me?
Chat connection is gone and now?
I also have to work in between!
To ensure that the paint application is uniform and clean, you should clean the components from dust, grease and fingerprints with a little soapy water, rinse them with clear water and dry them off.
Before applying the brush to the model for the first time with a new color, it is advisable to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the components, which will no longer be visible later, or on a yogurt cup.
The first stroke on the part
Draw the brush evenly, stroke next to stroke.
Slight overlapping of the paint layers ensures a uniform surface later on.
Avoid quick back and forth wiping with the brush.
This creates unrealistic-looking surfaces.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the bright colors.
Otherwise, the dark ones could shine through later.
Metallic shades and metallic colors come with a separate brush at the very end.
Otherwise, unsightly metal streaks can occur if they mix with normal colors.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before you install them.
The models achieve a true-to-original look thanks to the decals or decals.
From national emblems on airplanes to ship names to trims and license plates on car models: The decals give the model the finishing touch.
Apply the decals in the correct order as long as the components are still easy to reach.
An aircraft cockpit can be or more easily glued on before it is installed in the fuselage.
Time, patience and a steady hand are even more important than the right tools such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks.
Cut out each required decal individually and arrange them for you.
Decals are also called water slide pictures because you briefly moisten their back with water until the backing paper becomes dark due to the moisture.
Then you just slide the image off the paper a small piece and place the piece on the corresponding spot on the model (which you also moistened beforehand).
While you hold the decal on the model with a tool, pull the backing paper away sideways.
Attention: Always check that the image fits correctly before you push it completely off the paper so that it doesn't stick to your finger, wrinkle or even tear.
Vacuum off excess water with a household towel.
Warning not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book briefly, as soon as I look for something else then I don't read the book anymore and have to log out and log in and download the book again and find the place to where I've read.
I've already communicated with you on Saturday.
Will I receive this via email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp arrived in 3 individual packages
ok thank you anyway!
then I will buy somewhere else as soon as the money is back.
But will I get that back without any problems?
Fertility treatment for private health insurance /What is an “insured event”?
Hello everyone,
We were in fertility treatment for some time, now when it comes to billing with private health insurance, it suddenly goes wrong.
In turn:
We had applied for fertility treatment from the private health insurance company in advance and received the approval of 3 attempts.
The experiments were not restricted in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to successful pregnancy and birth and was settled with private health insurance.
Some time later, we tried to have a second child and carried out 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but did not yet calculate them with private health insurance.
We again applied for reimbursement of costs from PKV and were again granted 3 more attempts.
After a few more attempts (we carried out more attempts than promised, logically billing the most expensive with private health insurance), we submitted the bills to PKV and got the nasty surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3), PKV only wants to reimburse 3 attempts.
The reason: With pregnancy/birth, the remaining 2 attempts of the first commitment expire.
The second wish to have children is a new insured event.
According to the terms and conditions, however, “The insured event begins with medical treatment, it ends when there is no longer a need for treatment.”
The questions for the experts in the panel here:
* Who is right here, the private health insurance (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or us (there are 5 attempts to be reimbursed)?
* Should private health insurance have pointed out to us in the promises that further attempts expire with birth?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance event?
Infertility (caused by closed fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts gave their opinion here.
Thank you very much for your help!
Can you please send me the three variants by email and tell me the best way to reach them again
All right.
We won't order anything more from them.
If they add up the sales of me and my friend #NAME # (same address), they obviously lost good customers.
They are welcome to pass this on to their manager.
That is not competitive.
Yesterday, the colleague told me that the repayment had been initiated and now you tell me that I have to send the thing back first.
I can't help it that the chest of drawers arrives completely disturbed
Please see in the screenshot what the colleague wrote
It says clearly that the repayment has been initiated and I still haven't received a refund via #PRS_ORG #
They can tell their manager that they have now lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered various pieces of furniture for our apartment via his account.
We're not going to do that anymore.
No, the defect only appeared after a few months.
An office chair must withstand normal use.
Otherwise, they are not allowed to sell it as an office chair.
Regardless of this, the 24-month warranty applies.
No, it is not possible for me to procure any other type of packaging.
I will be able to dismantle the cabinet and make it available to the transport company in this way.
Hello, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG #
These products are advertised with additional stools that can be purchased, but unfortunately we cannot find them from you.
Can they help?
Topic of the week: The best low-budget movies
There is no general definition of exactly what a low-budget film is with exact budget limits.
Wikipedia has the following to say about this:
>A **low-budget film** or **low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
On the net, you can find plenty of lists of low-budget films, such as on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know any interesting representatives of this category?
What appeals to you about it?
And what might you not like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, I have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
Wanted to find out the best price for the gray leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended once again, is it now also reliable?
thank you
sincerely
If there is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30 minutes is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes in the waiting position... I'll give up again soon because it just doesn't work here.
hiya
“Half victory” against Belarus entails high costs for the EU
According to political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can announce “half a victory” in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
However, the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees on Belarus” border with Poland and Lithuania, Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
The EU has not resolved the confrontation in the long term, explained the researcher from the Berlin Science and Policy Foundation (SWP).
This state of limbo - Belarus is not giving in very small, but the EU feels like a winner - will probably continue for a while.
Dealing with people on the border is not in accordance with the European Convention on Human Rights, Bossong ruled.
Apparently, there is an “increasing normalization of pushbacks” by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole is not resolutely opposed to it, this is at the expense of fundamental rights.
This development also weakens cohesion in the Union.
“It obviously cannot assert itself if a member state sets its mind to do its thing,” like Poland at the moment, which does not even allow the EU border protection agency Frontex access to the border.
In addition, the EU is paying another price for its policy on the border with Belarus, according to Bossong: An agreement in principle on asylum policy would be made more difficult because the line “border protection, border protection, border protection” has been strengthened.
Another attempt to cross borders
According to Poland's border guards, migrants have once again tried to reach Polish territory via Belarus.
55 migrants were arrested on Sunday night and brought back to the border, a spokeswoman for the authority said on Sunday.
During the incident not far from the town of Czeremsza, the migrants threw stones at Polish officials.
According to the information, a soldier was hit in the face and had to receive medical care from a military doctor.
In total, the border guard registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
A group of 28 migrants had already overcome the border barriers on Friday evening.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan had crossed or tried to cross the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko, as ruler in Minsk, of enticing them with the prospect of entering the EU.
According to press reports, Poland and Lithuania sealed off border sections.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines bringing migrants and refugees into the country.
EU commissioners also traveled to people's countries of origin to prevent departures there.
The most effective element of the EU response is pressure on airlines, said Bossong.
“The EU has thrown its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with tough bandages and extraterritorial sanctions.”
Minsk must also take domestic costs into account.
Belarusian society is probably not prepared for the security apparatus to regularly smuggle thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes protests after disputed Formula One final
According to Mercedes, Max Verstappen is said to have committed two breaks of rules during the race.
Abu Dhabi - Mercedes has filed an objection following the controversial Abu Dhabi Formula One final.
The Silver Arrows suspect two rule breaks in the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest relates to an alleged violation by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the last safety car phase, when he is said to have overtaken in violation of the rules.
A second appeal was filed against the classification at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not followed in accordance with the rules.
Verstappen had overtaken Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the last lap and had raced to his first Formula One title.
The maneuver took place shortly after the end of a safety car phase, in which the Dutchman had overtaken cars moving in front of him.
I'll check that out.
I'll talk to the bank and get back to you
thanks for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park hosts SC Freiburg fan day
Europa-Park, namesake of the Europa-Park Stadium of Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited to the SC Freiburg Fan Day.
As the park reports, members and season ticket holders of the sports club from the Breisgau region as well as members of the fan community were able to visit Europa-Park free of charge on this day.
There were also vouchers for drinks and sausages.
The roller coaster trains shone red and white through the jerseys that day.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop,” says the park.
There has been cooperation between the Bundesliga team and the amusement park located in Rust, 40 kilometers north of Freiburg, since the beginning of the 1990s.
The first SC Freiburg Fantag in Europa-Park once again showed how well the partnership fits.
Seeing radiant fans having fun on the roller coaster together confirms this,” says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
Why is that € #NUMBER # and not as originally 1699€?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 World Champion
Max Verstappen did it.
The Dutchman won his first World title in the Red Bull in his seventh year in Formula One.
His way to the top of the premier class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen is gambling away the World Kart Championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen leaves him annoyed at a gas station on the way back.
His mother Sophie Kumpen picks up the teenager in the car driving behind.
2014, England: Red Bull's junior team is getting promising young talent in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old is thus following in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
Back then, he continued to drive in European Formula 3 for the time
2015, Australia: Verstappen is the youngest driver in history to start a Grand Prix at the age of 17 years and 166 days.
Due to a defect, he has to park his Toro Rosso early in Melbourne.
2015, Malaysia: At 17 years and 180 days, the former Toro Rosso driver Verstappen is also the youngest racing driver to score points in Formula One.
Verstappen is in seventh place at the Malaysian Grand Prix in Sepang.
2016, Spain: In his first race appearance for Red Bull, Verstappen immediately wins.
At 18 years and 228 days, he sensationally becomes the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history in Barcelona.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen is celebrating his pole premiere in Budapest - he is not the youngest.
At the age of 21, he left Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
Verstappen celebrates his first World title at the Formula One final in Abu Dhabi at the age of 24 - with an overtaking maneuver against Hamilton in the final round. dpa
I had a huge trouble with you back then #NUMBER # when I ordered the #PRS_ORG # chest of drawers.
Judith Hermann read from her novel “Home”
As part of the reading series “LiteraTour Nord”, author Judith Hermann read the sold-out Blue Note from her latest novel “Home” on Friday and also acted as a presenter.
She is divorced, lives in a house on the coast and listens sensitively to the nocturnal sounds on her front door.
I submitted the contact form to return an item yesterday, but I didn't receive an email confirmation or anything like that.
My question would be whether my request has been received.
Not everyone has the time for your crazy chat and incorrectly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your bug that you fix and not all of our household.
Contact woman #NAME #.
I can't chat with them everyday
We had chatted yesterday and agreed that I or Mrs. #NAME # would receive an email with a 60 euro voucher, a new order of the #PRS_ORG # bedside table and a return label.
This email hasn't come up yet.
I want to bring the package to #PRS_ORG # today.
please contact me
sincerely
The LokSound 5 decoder can play back up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bit/31250 kHz and finally offers hi-fi quality on your system.
Practically no difference to the original is audible anymore.
A Class-D audio power amplifier with up to 3W output power controls the loudspeakers, which may have an impedance between 4 ohms and 32 ohms.
The huge 128 Mbit sound memory provides enough capacity.
The volume of all individual sounds can be individually adjusted.
The super-flexible sound engine without a rigid schedule allows prototypical simulation of all conceivable rail vehicles.
Three separately adjustable brake functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry but just because he says he's not an anti-Semite doesn't mean anything.
It's like when an Afdler says he has nothing against foreigners.
Neither of them will admit it to their I.
But Kollegah is constantly reproducing anti-Semitic messages.
If you want to distance yourself, then you should simply leave that completely.
Yes wow then you are as little to be taken seriously as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions evolution in principle is simply completely lost.
Because of me, a god set the whole thing off the ground.
But once you're a creationist, you have to believe that the earth is 10,000 years old and science is just making nonsense.
And that makes you an enemy of science and no longer to be taken seriously like Kollegah
In order to obtain an optimal field of view, the magnifying glass should be brought as close as possible to the eye.
The specially aplanatic-achromatically designed lens system allows you to use the magnifying glass virtually without distortion and chromatic aberration right up to the edge zone.
Magnifiers are often marked with magnification information.
However, this information only applies to precisely defined conditions that rarely correspond to the conditions of use.
In order to make the most of your magnifying glass, we ask you to follow the instructions in the “Technical Data” table (see instructions for use in the packaging).
Light reflections occur on the lens surfaces of all optical devices, including folding magnifiers.
Thanks to an anti-reflective coating, these reflections are significantly reduced.
When the optimal conditions of use are observed - magnifying glass close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the enclosed instructions (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Magnifier Credit Card Magnifier Magnifier Magnifier Pocket Magnifier Reading Aid
Whether as a reading aid on the go or simply for the tiny everyday things: The Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal aid, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And their hard layer makes them robust against particular strains in old days.
Each magnifying glass comes with a credit card holder for storage and safe transport.
You bid on these parts, which you see in the pictures or are described under “what are you bidding on”.
What condition is the item being offered in?
Everyone can overlook something, of course, because no one is free from mistakes - should this be the case, simply write a message and it will be resolved to your full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial repayment or complete repayment).
You will receive a proper bill.
Unless expressly requested otherwise by the buyer, shipping is always insured with shipment number via DHL!
The individual shipping costs can be found in the shipping conditions above.
There are no further handling costs.
ok all say uthorized, how can I check more closely?
yes both the email address
#PRS_ORG # I will do very nice and good service, it took a while to get to a human, they were great
Hello dear #PRS_ORG # team,
I have already contacted you under customer contact with the number #PHONENUMBER #.
Yes, but it was called before.
They can't deliver from England because of #PRS_ORG #.
Christmas sale in Schönwolde: In the municipality of Krembz, women pick out Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has already experienced many curious situations when selling fir trees.
Once, a man is said to have even gone home without his partner because both could not agree.
He plants a good 2000 pieces for this every year.
The 56-year-old has already experienced many curious situations.
That always makes the run-up to Christmas a bit funny, he says.
And that with the voucher??
Otherwise I'm gone as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and have now paid the full price for it.
Then I will rate that accordingly!
We do not need to have discussions about the better dish here, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat that is grilled on a spinning skewer.
And that's why they both have their names.
In German, an equivalent might be something like the “turner”, which doesn't sound nearly as delicious.
problems with fiber + Devolo DLAN/Magic
We've had a new fiber connection in the house for a few weeks.
Unfortunately, I now have problems establishing a stable WiFi network.
Before I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo dLAN, which received and transmitted 50 Mbit perfectly apart from a few failures.
The new fiber optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and these also arrive at the dLAN module connected to the FritzBox.
However, the full 500 no longer arrives at the other dLAN module that emits the Wifi, but the further I move in the house with the module, the less arrives (i.e. use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module).
As a result, the Internet with the new fiber connection is now even slower on the first floor than before (\ ~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set that seems to use a new technology.
Although this was slightly better than the dLAN, there were similarly large losses here as well.
Could someone explain to me why so much Internet speed is “lost” over the power line with fiber?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely complex to lay LAN cables in the house.
I'm really desperate, which is why I created an account here.
That is why I would be all the more pleased to receive an answer.
When it's time to switch current account
Anyone who would have thought that current accounts would be quiet for now is deceived.
While many banks have used autumn to use all sorts of tricks from their customers to confirm past fee increases, the allowances for negative interest rates are also falling further.
Deutsche Bank, for example, has long been considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she has halved the allowance and even quartered it for overnight money.
In a first step, the limit was reduced only for customers of the Postbank division - to 50,000 euros for current and investment accounts and to 25,000 euros for call money accounts.
However, these lower allowances now apply to Deutsche Bank as a whole, as a spokesperson confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for “newly made individual agreements with existing customers.”
Commerzbank had previously fallen to a limit of 50,000 euros, which still applies, as was the case with ING Germany.
The direct bank DKB, which is particularly popular with cost-conscious customers, has reduced the allowances in two stages, initially to 50,000 euros and now to 25,000 euros.
After all, according to figures from the Internet portal Verivox, more than 100 banks now have an exemption of 25,000 euros or less.
Sparda-Bank Berlin has also reached 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute ongoing there with the consumer centers, which have even been proven right against this regulation in the first instance before the Berlin Regional Court.
Banks are already discussing whether institutions should possibly set aside provisions - in the event that the upper authorities also declare negative interest rates inadmissible in principle and many millions have to be repaid to bank customers.
The table top was delivered for 8 people instead of the table for 6 people.
The base frame is the one for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs an entire beauty army
She is now officially at the helm of Hollywood.
But her life is like a ride up and down.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was voted the most influential woman of the year by the US magazine “The Hollywood Reporter.”
For her, who made a splash in 2021 with the “Friends” reunion and the sequel to her series “The Morning Show”, this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and work.
Her appearance is taken care of by a whole army of assistants, stylists and coaches.
After all, according to Aniston, she treats herself to one chip a day (yes, that's right: a SINGLE chip out of the bag).
It's actually a miracle that the hearts of female and male fans still fly to her equally.
Perhaps because she is simply unlucky with happiness - and is still looking for great love.
And removed the baby wish from the list.
Before that, she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
It hurt her.
The people who asked that have no idea what's wrong with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
It remains to be hoped that success and fame will also make you happy.
Unworthy end of a career: Raikkonen must give up
Kimi Raikkonen's departure from Formula One was even quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped sweat off his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving mistake and a slight gang contact, Raikkonen had to turn off his Alfa Romeo at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after less than half of the race distance.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, the “Iceman” ended his career in the top motorsport class.
As a farewell, his wife Minttu and the two children had also traveled to the United Arab Emirates.
Raikkonen's biggest success was winning the 2007 World Championship in a Ferrari.
He achieved 21 Grand Prix victories, started from pole 18 times and finished on the podium 103 times. dpa
Friedrich scores 60th World Cup victory - Nolte wins in two-man bobsleigh - Sport
The brand of Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the goal of the bobsleigh pilot.
“I've calculated that, I'd have to score nine and a half victories per season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026,” said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who recorded two successes in two days at the races in Winterberg.
He first fought off Johannes Lochner's attack by five hundredths on Saturday, in which he drove from third to one.
He then changed the material setting somewhat and got a bigger lead of 0.30 seconds on Sunday.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle), he prevailed over Briton Brad Hall.
Austrian Benjamin Maier finished third.
“We took a bigger risk today and were rewarded,” said Friedrich, who also scored his 22nd win in series.
Johannes Lochner from Berchtesgaden, who was driving for Stuttgart, came in fifth this time after second place before.
Christoph Hafer from BC Bad Feilnbach finished eighth in the first race after fourth place.
“If I knew what he does differently, I would do it that way,” Lochner said.
Nolte with home win - podium for Jamanka
For women, Laura Nolte took the third win of the season in a two-man bobsleigh on her home track.
After it was only enough for fourth place in the monobob the previous day, she raced to World Cup victory on Sunday in the German triple victory with pusher Deborah Levi.
Olympic two-man bobsleigh champion Mariama Jamanka from BRC Thuringia came in second with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
In addition to her Olympic qualification, she recorded the first podium finish this winter.
Wiesbaden resident Kim Kalicki came in third place with Leonie Fiebig.
It was super cool for me, first podium finish in the World Cup, I'm super happy that Mariama is taking me along.
I'm super crude with development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the start times today were okay,” said Burghardt, emphasizing: “It's not just pushing, but there's also a lot to do around it.”
Jamanka was a bit annoyed by the not entirely faultless journeys, but said: “It's heading in the right direction.”
I already had the blanket in my shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What should I do
I just didn't receive it and therefore couldn't redeem it, which is why I finally asked.
Due to Corona, I had completely different problems last year and never had time for them.
And now it was said that it has expired, which annoys me a lot.
Look in the chat it was about the Asare bench.
I would like to return it and then order it again, as it is currently reduced:)
Why will the shipment only start on March 16?
There was nothing on your website about such a long delivery time
No, only when I tap on it does an extra field appear with the message
It was approved by your colleague yesterday.
why is that a problem today
I've also sent you pictures of the wrongly delivered goods.
But we still want the shelf module, a new undamaged
And don't cancel the entire order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
Hello dear great girls and girls and women,
I have a few things I just want to write and maybe one - or the other will feel the same way...
I am 24, have KPTSs, full-time student and dog mom - apart from the fact that my dog doesn't scream or go to kindergarten, he is actually 1 to 1 my child.
My boyfriend (together for 6 years) is ill, got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
Yesterday I visited him because I also have emotional needs and because I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him take a shower (because hand is in association due to burning).
He is also cold and we are currently seeing each other less (1-2 times a week), which is very bothering me with my needs for affection and love.
My dog child has a stomachache right now, I cooked for him and now he is lying in his blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there for him with the heat lamp and stroking.
I live alone with my sister and mother, and she's just gone for a month.
Now we also have housework to do, which we divide up, of course.
But cooking myself is a lot of work for me right now...
My PTSD disease is quite well adjusted right now, I am halfway well treated and I'm coping with it.
Not good, but I'm getting along and I'm almost symptom-free.
My university demands a lot right now (for me), tomorrow at 3pm I have a written test for which I haven't done anything yet and the day after tomorrow anatomy lesson for which I should prepare at least a little something.
And next week I have an oral exam right on Tuesday, and what comes next is on my calendar and not in my head because there is no more room there.
So my week goes like this: Only until the day after tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But after that, the whole thing continues?
Only until my birthday.
Only until the start of the holiday.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it continues forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need these mental clues, because otherwise I'll grab the Ned.
Somehow I feel guilty and “chaotic”, but I can't do it any other way...
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I'm infinitely grateful that I don't have to work.
Really infinitely grateful, I can't put that into words.
I don't know if I would have survived my KPTBS otherwise.
I think that sometimes has a lot to do with women's mental load and that's why I thought I'd find fellow sufferers here for sure...
I definitely wish you a relaxing evening, the week is almost over!
I received my order today unfortunately the whole other color plus surface is scratched and the table leg has an imprint.
On the first delivery, the color was exactly the same as on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me
If we swap tables now, will I get another color or what?
The cancellation email was sent on 26/12. #NUMBER # sent.
Twice, by the way.
However, it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: Back then at school, I noticed that many religious teachers did not believe in God and that it was just another subject for them, such as math or geography.
It was always a bit strange for me, perhaps also because I was raised Christian and I always believed somehow.
What's your opinion on this?
Perhaps you can also talk about work and/or study colleagues with different attitudes.
Basically, I understand the difference between private and professional and it makes sense to separate.
Is there also a curriculum, etc.
But it would simply be strange to have a physics teacher who doesn't believe in the theory of relativity.
What makes you want to teach religion if you don't believe it?
Maintain culture or something?
Hope you question isn't too private.
Can't it be changed or not I like to write English that I understand well
It's been a very long time, then I would refrain
It's good, thank you.
I expect a response soon, by the beginning of next week at the latest.
Thanks for your support #NAME #.
movie search help please
Hello dear people,
I'm looking for a movie from my childhood (I'm 24).
I think it was a movie for young people.
There are two timelines (or parallel worlds) in the film.
On the one hand, modernity (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the realm of the dead) (not entirely certain).
Since I can't describe it in more detail anyway, there is a young woman in the real world.
And in the realm of the dead a young soldier (uniform similar to that of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason, the paths cross and an action ensues.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman into this realm in order to be able to live herself, I mean.
I think the crossing is also the soldier's burial place.
In the end, I think both soldiers fight each other.
If that means anything to you I am grateful for any answer.
From week 1, our little one only slept on her stomach.
Fast forward: still alive:D
Just relax.
A child like that can withstand a lot more than you think.
Make sure that everything around it is right, no stuffed animals, go in and look more often, but not minutes of surveillance.
That makes you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Oh, and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always had a blanket.
Watch your child sleep.
Does it turn its head to the side
Can it straighten up a bit from the stomach
Or is it face first right in the mattress?
You can use this to deduce whether everything is okay.
We all grew up too and when my husband was born, it was common practice, for example, to put the kids on their stomachs to sleep.
In addition, we are already a “regular customer” with you and have already bought a lot of items
But then why are you only offering me 20 EUR?
Hello, I wrote to a colleague of yours yesterday and so far no feedback.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived the day before yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC -ID#).
The right drawer doesn't fit in the closet.
I would ask you to contact me as soon as possible.
The cupboard is currently not to be used in this way.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV has promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself, not everything can be held.
And I also had a lot of fun with RBTV.
But it is simply the case that the politics of this station are now under control.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then go on a big begging tour at the same time.
It was said that you were an “independent” Internet broadcaster.
Quote Arno: You don't want to “be a running advertising column.”
What is one now?
An 0815 advertising channel that tries to get his BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's Do's & Don'ts.
Which apply to everyone, of course, except Simon and Etienne.
They can, of course, continue to insult people.
A Krogmann who completely lacks empathy and tries to make ashes at the expense of the action with the exploded rented rooms.
How are you supposed to like all this?
Great if you like it, I find it terrible.
I ask you to call me back, as my delivered wooden table was delivered defective.
Corpus rupture due to damaged delivery of #PRS_ORG #.
Whether as a comforter for stomachache or simply for cuddling — my little warm friend can be used in a variety of ways.
Cherry stone pillows are a traditional home remedy for soothing heat treatments, as cherry stones absorb heat very well and release it again in a dosed manner.
The removable inner cushion is easy to heat in the microwave or oven.
The soft cover makes it particularly pleasant to use, so that the little ones feel safe, even if they are not feeling so well.
The cherry stone cushion with cover is suitable as a heat pad exclusively for the following areas of application:
Before heating the pillow, check for unusual odors, stick or burn marks and dispose of immediately if present.
Please remove the inner cushion from the cover beforehand to warm it up!
Heat in the microwave at max. 300 watts for max. 2 minutes (note the microwave manufacturer's instructions!)
Immediately after heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking!
Then put the inner cushion back into the cover.
During the first heats, a slight moisture formation may occur on the surface, but this will disappear with repeated applications.
It is essential to adhere to the heating instructions given, as longer times or higher energy outputs can lead to damage (risk of flames and burns!).
Before heating the pillow in the microwave, check that heating of grain products is permitted in the manufacturer's instructions for use.
After the heated inner cushion has been placed back in the cover, please check the temperature of the pillow for suitability for babies (max. 43 °C) at the crook of your arm!
Do not use the pillow for acute and chronic, inflammatory or febrile illnesses, circulatory problems, fresh hematomas, bruises and open wounds, as well as people with reduced pain.
If you have existing skin, heart, veins, diabetes or tumour diseases and pregnancy, please consult a doctor before use.
If seams have opened and loose cores emerge, dispose of the product and loose cores immediately and out of reach of children.
If the product is used on babies under 1 year of age, the child's temperature should be checked regularly during use to prevent overheating!
Any serious incidents related to the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country in which the user is established.
The cover is removable and machine washable at 30°C.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt second after first series - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 is working its way out of the table cellar.
For Ingolstadt, it won't work under the third coach either.
Cheers in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top game, joy in Hanover over interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the failed debut under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Yesterday evening my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was no longer charged by my power supply.
I bought this new one about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought the power supply alone was sufficient for operation.
No indication, the battery is empty and the laptop no longer starts despite the power supply being plugged in.
I then removed the battery, but nothing is happening here either.
Maybe you have any ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop when plugged in?
Is there anything else broken
Thank you so much for your help!
I'd like the #PRS_ORG # delivered to my room.
How can I book this?
I'm interested in the #PRS_ORG # chair.
But I don't know how tall the seat is...
Often on tour and still a lot of equipment with you?
No problem with the Everyday V2 backpack from Peak Design!
20 litre capacity also swallows larger photo equipment without any problems, which can be safely stowed away using the padded FlexFold dividers.
And whatever else you need in terms of everyday objects remains well organized and separable from photo equipment thanks to practical accesses in the individually configurable interior.
With the “update” of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The chic, minimalist design literally has a lot to offer - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack while still providing access to photo equipment in seconds.
This works with two options: The first is conventional via the lid flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch closure system, an excellently thought-out solution for effective protection that has already proven itself in messenger bags.
There is a metal closure hook in the closure flap with matching anchor bars on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different “fill levels”: there are 4 anchor bars, firmly riveted, into which the locking hook can be hooked.
If the backpack is fully loaded, you simply take the top bar, if it is rather empty, a lower one.
The flap closure and hook are also magnetic.
In this way, the backpack can also be reliably closed without snapping the hook into place.
The second option also fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from others, photo backpacks: In addition to the lid flap, there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest drawback of conventional backpacks with top access - you no longer have to rummage through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail increases the backpack's suitability for everyday use enormously: when you not only take your photo equipment with you, but also everyday objects or luggage.
In the Everyday Backpack, you can individually configure the interior (more on this below) and thus easily store both separately from each other - and access them independently through the two side openings.
You can also pull the backpack in front of your body from the right side to access camera equipment in the right main compartment, for example, while everyday things stay safe in the left half of the backpack and don't get in between.
Comfortable, easily adjustable carrying straps help with this.
And since the backpack's outer shell is also made entirely from 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents stay dry even if you're due to go to Scotland in the fall.
Unfortunately, I wait in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME # sent me an email yesterday confirming the commissioning of
Contact from the freight forwarding company to pick up the incorrectly delivered table announced.
I haven't received any news yet.
I ask for immediate settlement.
I am now writing with the third support employee, with no one I got any further than the promise that I would receive an email as confirmation.
It is the return of the wrongly delivered custom #NAME #
Is it foreseeable when the cabinet could be delivered again?
Keeping him like that is not an option for me...
It works.
thank you so much for the help
I wish you a nice evening
Hello, my order number is #NUMBER #. When will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was on 12.1.21.
I was delivered a completely different lamp than I ordered
please give me a call
If you extend the voucher for me, I will place a larger order right away, but at least I kept the damaged piece of furniture and did not return it.
And I couldn't have guessed that the past year was going differently than expected and I wasn't able to redeem and clarify it on time.
But I have the damage as a customer and I don't accept that in this way.
Rotinger brake discs are designed to meet the demands of the dynamic driver, who values reliability and safety when braking even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are made of cast iron and then machined (drilled and cut).
All tuned discs are produced in short series according to individual technical properties, which are peculiar to certain discs and patterns.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing, a special production program is created, which, with the balancing of the disc, is based on the characteristics of the original assembly.
The tuned discs produced in this way ensure a high level of comfort and braking effectiveness.
Additionally created openings increase the efficiency of cooling the disc, while the gates improve the cleaning of the brake discs and brake pads.
The aesthetic properties of our tuned windows underline the character of every car with their attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the west coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man discovered glowing chunks in the water at the southern fork of the American River.
Although he tried to keep his discovery secret, the news spread quickly and triggered the so-called “California Gold Rush” of '49.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest growing and thriving cities in the country.
Areas were marked out, tents were pitched, and saloons and hotels were built almost overnight.
Everyone wanted their share of the country's wealth.
For many, it was called “Coloma or Bust” (Coloma or bankruptcy)!
In this game, you are a pioneer who is looking for wealth in the West and wants to make a name for himself.
You'll search for gold, recruit workers, gather horses, and build companies.
You'll also get the opportunity to explore the surrounding rivers and adjacent areas.
You're not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You have to outdo your fellow pioneers not to go bankrupt with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many paths to victory.
You simultaneously choose your actions, have to manage your resources and build a tableau that “works” more and more for you (so-called “engine building”).
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, get extra actions, or turn rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can develop your individual play style with the help of fine adjustments.
Coloma plays over a period of three years from 1848 (the year the gold was discovered in Coloma), through 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) to 1850 (the year California gained official statehood).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players will secretly and at the same time choose a location on the game board where they can perform actions.
Their selection is then revealed and they place their pioneers in the appropriate locations.
If a site has the most pioneers, it gets banned!
This deactivates half of the location - which reduces the possible actions there.
Players then take turns performing actions such as gaining resources, moving wagons, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening shops, and positioning gunslingers.
When all actions are completed, the pioneers return.
The advertiser turns to a new location at the start of each round and thus changes the available promotions.
This continues until the advertiser has moved five times, i.e. has concealed each location once and the year ends.
There is a gunfight in which players must defend Coloma from a raid by angry bandits.
If players have contributed enough gunslingers and outnumber the bandits, they will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they get lower rewards or end up in the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shootout, then the final scoring takes place.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free shipping, I use the shipping method up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm, shipment of goods (games wrapped).
For everything else, mostly DPD insured and with shipment tracking (games wrapped, wrapped in fleece and wrapping paper).
If you are a collector, I can also send cardboard in a box for an additional charge of 2 euros, so that there are 100% no bruises.
“Why children are not bullies” documentary, ARD Mediathek
CW psychological violence, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentary appeared on my Twitter timeline today, and I watched it right away.
>Child psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a welcome guest on talk shows and gives lectures throughout Europe.
With his book “Why Our Children Become Tyrants” (2008), he sparked a fierce educational debate.
Former patients and legal guardians are now raising serious allegations against him.
Please watch out, the movie is hard to bear.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
We parents and other responsible people must never, never, never! go for power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child space for his development and to make the frame for the child as large as is sensible and possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shaking.
Holetschek: Länder discuss abolition of compulsory testing for triple vaccinated people
At their next meeting, the health ministers of the federal states want to decide on a nationwide abolition of compulsory testing for triple vaccinated people.
“We countries need clarity quickly as to whether and from when compulsory testing can be waived for three vaccinated people,” Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Conference of Health Ministers, told the “Bild am Sonntag.”
The elimination of 2G plus for triple vaccinated people is “not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional vaccination incentive,” said Holetschek.
Federal Minister of Health Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised “that he will make a proposal on this to the Conference of Health Ministers as early as next Tuesday.” − afp
So I want to send the lamp back
What is the best way to proceed?
Hello, I find the #PRS_ORG # chair very nice, but I can't see how tall the seat is.
Can you help me out?
I can no longer make purchases with my #PRS_ORG #.
Display: Oops there was an error.
Shopping via the #PRS_ORG # page on the computer is possible.
I've updated account details.
What could be the reason for this?
What you describe is called *awareness*, i.e. sensory perceptions under general anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of approx. 1 in 1000.
The most common is to hear noise/voices, less often to see pictures and, of all, to perceive pain.
Relevant to this topic: Caesarean sections are operations that are associated with an increased rate of awareness, as very deep anesthesia is avoided to protect the child until the cord is cut.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned during the preliminary anesthesia consultation.
Certain anesthesia procedures, such as total intravenous anaesthesia (TIVA), are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear everyone, this comment from me describes awareness correctly, but ** u/NiteMarex **didn't have any by definition.
I read her comment wrong.
But the chair is broken.
Unfortunately, the €20 doesn't help us either.
These are legal warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be for them to take back the defective chair.
In addition to the legal obligation, this is also standard in the area of e-commerce.
Please check again whether you are at least taking back the defective chair.
We then sell the second chair privately.
We also lose a lot of money there.
I've already sent you an email that you haven't answered.
The question again.
The order and invoice state that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The carrier is company #NAME #.
I just called there.
I was told that they only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG #.
is that so
If yes, I'll have to cancel the order as I don't know any person who can carry the heavy furniture to the first floor for me.
am I not being called?
I had formulated a question
Theatre historian Günther Rühle died at the age of 97
He has distinguished himself as a theatre critic and as an artistic director.
He later wrote a monumental theater story.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
There is still the new book on the table, hot off the press: “An old man is getting older.”
The harrowing diarium of a slow farewell to the world that theatre historian and journalist Günther Rühle led until April 2021.
And in the middle of the reading, the news comes that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book is: “I am already witnessing my thanks to life here.”
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common is Euro pallets, standardised wooden pallets, which are used primarily in Europe as load carriers.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to data from Statistics Austria, over ten million pallets were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was a good 79 million euros.
How many pallets are imported into Austria annually is not charged
New York wins MLS championship for the first time
New York City FC won the title in major league soccer for the first time.
After beating hosts Portland Timbers 1-1 in regular time, the Eastern Conference team decided the final 4-2 on penalties.
In the Eastern Conference final, New York prevailed against Philadelphia Union, the team of German Kai Wagner.
Roulades Tips & Tricks
I had a lot of great tips here a week ago for the perfect goulash.
It was for Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and buttery tender!
So thanks again for that:)
Now I've got a taste for it and want to cook roulades for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I'll set up a beef stock for this.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a large pot.
What's next?
What about the books or how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG #?
My English isn't that good anymore, but I can manage that
It's about a refund of € #NUMBER #
I was already informed by email on 18.01 that the refund had been made.
But I haven't received the money to this day.
Would you check that out, please.
Where are there still Christmas roasts in the Lübeck area
For many people, goose or duck are part of Christmas days, like the Christmas tree and gifts.
You haven't bought any poultry yet?
Time is running out now.
We'll tell you where else you can get a Christmas roast in the Lübeck area.
The “drive” of a tube power amplifier contributes significantly to the warmth and fat content of the guitar amplifier sound.
These features are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controls, you can set the desired level on the one hand and the distortion content of your sounds on the other.
The VT+ series amplifiers also offer a unique POWER LEVEL control that allows you to reduce the sound level without changing the “gain” and distortion.
It was already apparent above that you can even make a power reserve afloat with the POWER LEVEL controller when things get outrageously loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL controller, the full potential of the VT+ series can be used in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line output.
The signal present here is processed with a box simulation, so that you get an eminently “acoustic” sound impression even when using headphones or when recording directly.
A CD or MP3 player can be connected to the AUX jack, so you can jam to your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also buy a VFS5 foot switch, you can also call up the sounds conveniently by foot, switch the effect blocks on/off and “tap” the tempo of the compatible effects.
This is actually indispensable for live use.
With its new powerhouses, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But I had seen it that way with others.
Is it then possible for you to send the lamp back?
As it hangs too low for over a dining table?
So I would like to send them back then.
Can you help me with that?
And the dresser?
Will we receive another update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have they ever sat on the #PRS_ORG # chairs
If it doesn't work, I would be happy with a discount or voucher.
I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Only over 1,000 euros for goods that I don't need is a bit much.
I have just received my delivery and would like to know if screws were included as part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG # mirror (door) on the hooks provided.
That's not a satisfactory answer and it wasn't worth the wait
Is there a premium customer status with you?
Iran sees progress in negotiations on nuclear deal
According to Iranian figures, progress is on the horizon in negotiations on a revival of the international nuclear deal.
“Both sides are on the verge of agreeing on the issues that should be on the agenda,” Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri told Irna news agency on Sunday.
This was a “positive and important development,” because initially there was not even agreement on the issues to be negotiated.
The agreement is intended to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
The Vienna talks to revive the agreement continued on Thursday after an interruption of just under a week.
Negotiators from Iran, Germany, Great Britain, China, France and Russia are taking part in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also on the ground in Vienna, but is only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now federal state with highest corona incidence
Thuringia has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest incidence in Germany.
The figure is the only federal state above the mark of 1000.
Thuringia was the only federal state to have a corona incidence rate above 1000 on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute reported the seven-day figure of 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which had always had the highest incidence rate in Germany recently, this figure was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence rate in Thuringia fell slightly, but was also above the figure of 1000.
2242 new SARS-CoV-2 virus infections and 16 other deaths related to an infection were reported in Thuringia within one day.
200 people seriously ill with Covid-19 received intensive care in hospitals on Sunday.
Reporting delays may occur on weekends.
In addition, health authorities have been overloaded for weeks and are barely keeping up with recording new cases.
I understand that.
Since delivery doesn't take place until the beginning of March, it may be possible until then.
I have to print this out and stick it on the package and drop it off at the post office, that's it right?
I don't have to click/specifie/fill out anything else here?
That's exactly what I want to avoid, so I'm writing to you.
I would like to take care of the return at my own expense, please.
8 euro return fee is an impudence in my opinion.
It's time for change
## #MBundestag Greetings, I'm u/Stratorde in the Chamber in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#Wozu the post here?
If you look at the activity in the past months of Munich Day, you can see one thing: It is not extistent.
We have reached a state of winter rigidity and have extended the summer slump to a few months.
#Wo is the problem?
Yes, what was it about?
For the most part, this should simply be related to dissatisfaction with how some things went down here and how we look in general.
In recent days, there has been an increasing impression that many here are really still in the mood for the day of the MB.
#Was we need to change
At this point, the community around the day of the MB is asked who would like to keep it alive.
The impetus came from u/EdizVEVO, who became aware of this project in recent days and found, simply put, a pile of broken pieces.
After some writing back and forth, several people from the community have found each other who would like to rebuild the project.
However, I would also like to once again expressly call on everyone to participate, only in this way can this project continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform for this purpose in the form of a discord server, on which we can exchange ideas with each other and work out concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Objectives:
* How should the MBund day work in the future?
* Which existing regulations must be changed/adapted/removed?
* How should we appear to the outside world in the future?
* How should new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair voting system?
I'm pretty sure I've forgotten a few things, but that's not bad, we have the Discord at the end.
If you have the time and desire, come to Discord, work with us and let's decide democratically about the future.
I ordered a lampshade from you that is still being delivered.
Now I see that the article is too large/bulky for that and not suitable for my taste.
I have already ordered another suspension from you for this.
I put it together and then noticed this when I took the soft foam.
Very sad about that.
I hope this is returned and I have a full refund.
This is also pretty sad as the #NAME # is much darker than expected.
I have another question: the bedspread #PRS_ORG #, is it also available in oversize, i.e. 240/240, for example?
#PRS_ORG # must be able to guarantee that the faulty cabinet will be picked up promptly.
And I'm asking you to do that now.
I don't have suitable packaging, but I will remove the cabinet as far as possible for collection - you must clarify with #PRS_ORG # how this can work then.
#PRS_ORG # can always contact me by phone to arrange a pick-up appointment.
Are there assembly instructions?
How long would I have to get them or decide to return them?
How do you answer the question why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I like.
She herself has lived vegetarian for a while and currently eats meat very rarely.
I myself had also been a vegetarian for a few years before that.
When asked whether I had always wanted to be vegan and whether vegetarianism was a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without much thought.
It was that I thought for a long time that I would support animal welfare as a vegetarian, but at some point I reflected and understood that I would ultimately also support animal cruelty.
Hence my decision to go vegan.
At that moment I had the impression that displeasure arose on her side, she then defended vegetarianism and said she knew where her meat came from and that as a vegetarian you reduce animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer to “clumsy” was?
How do you answer the question?
I have the feeling that as a vegan, you are quickly put in a corner and conflicts arise without you putting it on.
It greets a harmony-loving vegan (;
It is clearly not an exception according to § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG # does not release you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I won't be on site on the assigned date that #PRS_ORG # will pick up my return.
Since I can't be there for a funeral, unfortunately that can't be changed.
Can I be assigned an alternative collection date please.
From 01.02. #NUMBER # I can be found again all the time.
Lahnsteiner weir prepared for water rescue: 45,000 euros subsidy from the state
Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior Roger Lewentz recently presented Lord Mayor Peter Labonte with a funding notice amounting to 45,000 euros for the new water rescue equipment trolley of the Lahnstein volunteer fire brigade in the Lahnstein town hall.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in use since November 2020, amounted to 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in security.
I am pleased that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this,” says Lahnstein's Lord Mayor Peter Labonte.
The equipment trolley is used by the Lahnstein diving squadron, one of a total of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below water, they perform tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, deployments are expected to increase permanently: The boom in hotel shipping on the Rhine and Moselle and the continuing increase in the use of the Lahn as a leisure river contribute to this.
I bought a book that I could only read 10% and then the problems began.
I can't open the book.
I followed their recommendations but synced, removed and reloaded the app NOTHING worked.
I'm a bit frozen because the whole campaign has already taken me a lot of time and I'm hoping for help now.
OK, that's how it is then.
I would like to order 3 items from the collection from #PRS_ORG # for June.
Can I enter an appointment during the ordering process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the above values are determined in the Fenix laboratory at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% humidity and the built-in 275 mAh LiPo battery.
The values may vary depending on the flashlight used, age and environment.
*: The burn time in the bright setting includes the burning time with reduced brightness due to the overheating protection.
2) Dealers are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the dealers or distributors from whom they purchased Fenix lights with Fenixlight Limited's 'warranty card' and either a commercial invoice or receipt for warranty support.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts required to service our luminaires.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix will replace a new product within 15 days of purchase due to any manufacturing defects if problems occur with normal use.
We're going to replace it with the same model.
When the model is discontinued, customers receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers free repair for lamps within 5 years from the date of purchase if there is a problem with normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
With the exception of the products and accessories listed above, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited lifetime warranty: For luminaires that have passed the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifetime repairs but charge a fee for parts.
The dealer will notify the customer of the cost of the part before repair.
4) Guarantee Certificate: Customers request customer service from Fenix dealers or dealers by presenting a completed Fenix warranty card, purchase invoice, or receipt.
The distributor should provide services to customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover any damage or failure caused by:
Any defects or damages caused by improper operation include, but are not limited to, operation that does not conform to the warranty or instructions in the product specification.
For example, the product specification states that the sealed head must not be disassembled, as this may damage the flashlight and void the warranty.
Any defects or damage caused by other behavior cannot be adequately controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type/model of the warranty item, serial number.
Thank you first for facing up to the whole thing here, I also spent almost a decade in civil service in a similar job, i.e. we were also arms bearers in the executive branch, I don't want to go into that any further!
I always find the question of right and left to be asked in a very simplified way.
Basically, however, it should be said that, of course, the public servant comes from the liberal to conservative spectrum rather than from the revolutionary left, that should actually be clear to everyone.
It should be clear to everyone that, of course, uniform and weapons bearers in particular, also attract people to the right of conservative magically, that these people will of course find it difficult to deal with the lived reality is of course also clear, because of course, in addition to the average white person, you now have many Germans with Immigrant background, women and homosexuals too (and by that I don't mean the exaggerated feminine clichés, because there are fewer or no such clichés in the executive branch, but completely normal men and women to whom you don't notice if they don't tell you) and I can and must rely on these people too because when in doubt, they save your life or use it for you.
But even if it sounds funny at first, these marginalized groups also take a conservative stance in my experience, i.e. they are proud of Germany and feel less picked up by exaggerated left-wing politics, even if this policy supposedly stands up for them or thinks it must please them, want to they are simply treated normally.
Back to the right, since police and armed forces are of course also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme rights there, but the fact that they are allowed to openly express their opinion there or even openly make any state-endangering plans is completely exaggerated in the media and also annoys me.
Of course, it happens that police officers and soldiers who have often been deployed abroad often start to generalize due to negative experiences and sometimes say things that are controversial to politically incorrect.
It also happens that right-wing people will certainly meet and engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, something like this is well combated and the whole thing is also counteracted with political education and education!
Germany is so internationally involved and that's a good thing in my opinion that we couldn't afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks at all!
Yes, which I don't understand, I also ordered the other basket from the German site.
Why would this come from England?
When I ordered, it wasn't sold out.
I ordered back in November.
but it was confirmed to me in your confirmation of the order
It's still about my order, which is no longer available.
I've been chatting with #NAME # before.
Alternatively, you could deliver the other #PRS_ORG # basket for #NUMBER # Euro in black to Germany or is this basket also available somewhere in Germany.
I only ever find you as a partner company.
but at the top of the wooden part are two deep notches that have been filled with something yellow
and there is a small scratch on the mirror itself
More orderly by child?
Hello, I (w32) have been concerned with one thing for a long time.
I am very disciplined and organized at work (I am self-employed, very little free time), but for the rest of my life I have been more difficult than right to run my household permanently clean and tidy.
There are always phases in which everything breaks down, and now and then it packs me and I clean up and clean up.
But it is actually never the case “that someone could come to visit spontaneously.”
My husband is (unfortunately) no better either, it bothers me somewhere, but most of the time household simply loses to work and reluctance.
The kitchen is cleaned the most regularly as we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to get tidier with a child?
We don't have one yet but we're working on it and this question has been on my mind for a
Because I have no incentive for me, it just doesn't bother me that much as long as there is no visitor coming and, for example, there is always fresh clothes and the kitchen can be used.
Do you have a greater incentive with a child or do you remain sloppy?
I'm looking forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, high-quality and anatomically pre-shaped cut, offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus allows almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Pre-forming with special, wide embossing on the joints for improved freedom of movement (at arm and squats)
For the Focea Comfort 4, the Flex System 2 has more than doubled the area covered by the Flex System to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels on joints reduce friction (armpits, arm and squats)
High-quality preforms in the lower back and crotch ensure a snug, perfect fit.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar region increases flexibility around the back zipper, improving comfort, especially when bending over and mounting equipment to the surface.
The free flex zone, which is located around the shoulders and back, guarantees increased flexibility when moving the arms and back.
Fireskin is a warm, water-repellent material with a special surface structure, which offers a high degree of protection against the cold.
Positioned on the chest, it brings warmth to a sensitive area of the body.
Seamless thin (-2 mm) face seal to hood increases comfort, seal and durability (separate hood)
Soft zone in the collar improves sealing with a finely adjustable width adjustment thanks to a flexible, gentle Velcro fastener that does not stick to the lining or seams
Double zipped cuffs on the arms and ankles connect a foldable inner cuff with a soft, laminated neoprene outer cuff
45° notch at the end of the inner cuff for increased elasticity and resilience when tightening.
Long zip on the neck with Elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on the jumpsuit without hood
Long G-Lock P back zipper (jumpsuit without hood) with metal slider and incorporated water dam system for improved sealing (Beuchat patent)
zippers on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements on all ends of the zippers to prevent tearing if excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels glued flush with outer and inner overlap
edges of the outer cuffs hemmed for greater load capacity
Notched edges of the inner cuffs for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system was designed to fix the computer in place, especially for deeper dives (the system is compatible with all common wristband computers)
A career in social work — as someone with a self-insecure personality disorder?
I did an apprenticeship in software development and have now finished training for about a year.
Unfortunately, I'm noticing more and more that this profession is not right for me, which is why I've been thinking about starting over again and studying social work for a long time.
The problem: I have a self-insecure (or anxiously avoidant) personality disorder (AEVPS).
Roughly speaking, this means that I have no self-esteem and am accordingly shy.
I have no problem talking to people on a factual level, but I find it very difficult to have casual conversations and I've been told several times that I seem unapproachable (which I think has improved).
Can I become a social worker like this?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth club, but rather in addiction counseling or family help, for example.
But I don't know whether the specific day-to-day work is really as I imagine it to be, and it is difficult to find anything about it on the Internet.
The AEVPS is already causing problems in my job (for me, emotionally) because it pulls me down every time there is something to complain about in my code (“the simplest things are screwed up again”) and it is difficult for me to ask more experienced colleagues for help (“I should really know how to do that myself by now” /"I'll keep him with my stupid questions about work” /"he must really think I'm underpowered” etc.).
I will probably have the problems in every profession, but I wanted to have mentioned it here.
But have you already received the sofa back?
Because there was no confirmation of that either.
I'm waiting for a pickup appointment
What do they mean by giving back please!
When I download a book to #PRS_ORG #, I get the message Your #PRS_ORG # does not authorize this book
are there any problems?
I was chatting with #PRS_ORG #, who asked me if I had received a delivery confirmation for my closet.
The bird breaks down the protein (protein) ingested with the feed into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) in its gastrointestinal tract and uses these in turn to build up its own proteins, which it also needs to form plumage.
Plumage formation in nestling and new plumage formation in molting birds are extremely complex processes and are associated with particularly high demands on the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-bio must not be administered during breeding, as this may lead to disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this course of administration of NEKTON-BIO, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral supplement) should be switched back to.
The bird breaks down the protein (protein) ingested with the feed into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) in its gastrointestinal tract and uses these in turn to build up its own proteins, which it also needs to form plumage.
Plumage formation in nestling and new plumage formation in molting birds are extremely complex processes and are associated with particularly high demands on the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-bio must not be administered during breeding, as this may lead to disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this course of administration of NEKTON-BIO, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral supplement) should be switched back to.
1 g NEKTON organic on 250 ml water or 100 g soft food.
It is advisable to prepare only as much drinking water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change water/food daily.
A level measuring spoon (included) corresponds to 1 g of organic NEKTON.
In the case of severe plumage damage, double or triple the dose of NEKTON-bio can be given at the beginning until the onset of new plumage formation is visible.
The normal dose is then given until the new plumage formation is completely complete.
Storage: NEKTON-BIO should be stored dry, out of sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Please excuse me, but the chair is sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months?
The warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
That's really bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to say that my order arrived damaged and pictures had been attached.
Did you receive this email?
Statement by a community employee in contradiction to the statutes
Hi r/LegalAdvicegerman,
I have the following problem.
A walnut tree is to be cut down on our property.
So a case application was submitted to the municipality.
An employee writes to me that felling fruit trees and thus also walnuts is not part of the statutes.
However, the statutes explicitly state the walnut as a tree to be protected.
Can I rely on the employee's statement now or not?
On the one hand, I must be able to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statutes are clear.
Thank you for your answers
We understand that.
Then we'll use the new packaging for it.
I didn't get a message
Well, then I still have a sofo without use.
Could you offer me a discount or a voucher?
What was more expensive?
yes, I think so, the only question is yes whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check that?
Breaking news: Serious road accident at Selb
A serious road accident recently occurred on St 2179 between the Selb-Nord and Plößberg interchanges.
According to the police press alarm (2:03 PM), a car has entered oncoming traffic while overtaking.
There are casualties.
Ah okay understand.
Good, then thank you again for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
Merry Christmas to you first!
Unfortunately, my Christmas is moderately good because my dear head is currently thinking up everything that can be thought up.
Before I go out here... in short: I need advice and preferably from people who somehow know my situation - that is, from you.
I'm doing the ref as a career changer right now.
Originally I studied something else and also worked in one area there (to remain at least a little anonymous, I won't name anything more specific here).
But the whole thing was too boring for me and I was looking for alternatives that could be more fun for me.
At some point I ended up as a teacher and was sure that it was - even though the framework conditions are significantly less flexible than in my previous profession, but that didn't matter to me.
I have now arrived at the third “I Google other job postings”.
And it's only been half a year.
In the previous times, I always decided to go ahead and at least finish the ref, after that I can still turn around.
But I'm absolutely done right now.
I've had so little free time in the last month that I'm completely exhausted.
It's a vacation now, but there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref, I always thought I was stress-resistant, but my weekend was also my weekend and my evening after work was my end.
I had time off.
And the stress at work didn't matter in those moments.
Now even the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that annoy me even more.
Basically, it's fun and when viewed from the outside, the ref also runs well in terms of feedback and stuff.
But I'm completely exhausted and wonder how much stress my body can withstand before it completely closes down - if it's not already doing so.
I wonder if I would like to have it that way for the rest of my working life - especially when I read some of your posts here - or if I shouldn't go back to the old area, where I was valued, could take free time when I needed it, and found the work somehow boring, but appropriate for it was paid and worked out together in a team and not as a lone fighter as is the case most of the time now.
But then I wonder if I won't be back in the same place in a year as I am now and am dissatisfied.
You notice it's all kind of confused, but maybe you, as an outsider, have advice or ideas on how to get out of this situation, which I'm completely done and start crying at the slightest thought of it.
I'm not going to make any decisions so emotionally right now, that probably won't lead to anything good.
But maybe your views will help me to see at least a little light at the end of the tunnel - or to be able to enjoy Christmas, that's enough for now.
Thank you for reading and apologize for the whiny undertone from me.
I hope my situation has become at least a little clear.
Since its introduction in 2001, VOX's Valvetronix series has evolved steadily, which has led, among other things, to the combination of advanced modeling technology with the “Valve Reactor” circuit, which perfectly recreates the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X amps, we introduce a brand new modeling engine that is absolutely state of the art when it comes to sound.
Thanks to VET technology (Virtual Element Technology), which is based on the analysis of the components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers come up with an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also include the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamplifier.
This is partly based on real analog circuits, because they simply manage the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier better than any simulation.
In addition to this ingenious circuitry, the VTX amplifiers offer a closed cabinet and a bass reflex system, from which the natural resonances bubble.
With VOX's “Tone Room” software, you can even correct and bend historical facts on the virtual level until the amp and effects sound the way you've always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been refined several times since then to meet new sound requirements, which once again led to a performance boost for the VOX Valvetronix series in 2010 - with more dynamics and more numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series has also been designed in such a way that all guitarists looking for maximum sound diversity will find what they are looking for here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: They expect a fat sound, a nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string action, and a prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that the power amplifier in particular determines the tube character of an amplifier and developed VOX Valve Reactor technology based on this finding.
The valve reactor circuit of each VT+ amplifier, equipped with a 12AX7 tube, perfectly depicts the behavior, subtle nuances and sound character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Despite 20 points from Wagner: Magic lose at Clippers
The Orlando Magic series of losses in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it's not enough to win over the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104:106 at the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually placed and foldable Velcro dividers, it is completely adapted to the needs of your photo equipment and is therefore suitable for all types of cameras - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-frame SLR cameras.
What ultimately fits in the backpack depends, of course, on the size of the camera and the lenses.
One possible equipment would be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses and a clip-on flash.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models in the Sony A7 series or a Fuji X-T2 leave room for further lenses.
You can also store lots of accessories.
And if you have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E series), you can use the backpack for your equipment and for non-photo things.
Drone pilots also make an optimal choice with the Everyday Backpack 20L, as the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably longest in history
In the almost three months since the start of the eruption, lava flows on the Canary Island have caused great damage.
Is there an end in sight
With a duration of 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma has been the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary Island since Sunday.
Until now, the eruption of the volcano Tehuya in 1585, at 84 days, was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
There is no reliable data on previous outbreaks.
The activity of the still nameless volcano in Cumbre Vieja has declined somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists have not dared to predict when it could end.
The indicators indicate a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable,” Island Council President Mariano Hernández Zapata told state TV channel RTVE.
Millions of dollars in damages
In the almost three months since the start of the eruption, the lava, which is more than 1000 degrees Celsius, has destroyed almost 2900 residential buildings and other buildings, RTVE reported.
Almost 1200 hectares were covered by a meter-thick layer of lava.
This corresponds to almost 1700 soccer fields.
More than 7000 residents had to be evacuated, and the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Off the coast, cold lava created two new headlands with a total size of about 50 hectares.
Banana cultivation, which is immensely important for the island, was particularly severely affected, on which about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly and which was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, other areas severely affected, wrote the newspaper “El País.”
Christmas and presents
Christmas is just around the corner and children in particular will hardly be able to wait for the heavenly festival.
The many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree, combined with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling tension, have something seductive about them.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still hold our increasingly divided society together.
It is therefore all the more important to become aware of the Christmas tradition of giving gifts, so that the gesture of giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss was a peace-making “social contract of primitive peoples,” escapes from the rigid routine and is filled with life again in the context of this tradition can be.
How Nicholas became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who closely linked Christmas days to giving presents.
Before that, gifts were presented to each other in one way or another on St. Nicholas Day.
The background to this custom, which is still popular today, is that Saint Nicholas, as bishop of Myra, secretly threw gold into their window to save them another life in sin in one night.
This unconventional type of gift giving gave rise to the popular custom in Germany of filling children's boots with gifts in particular.
Protestants opposed this custom because they reject mediators between God and humans as “veneration of saints.”
For these reasons, they are defending themselves against the institution.
Martin Luther made Santa Claus the Christ Child and thus founded a new line of tradition.
The focus of the gift giving thus shifted to Christmas Eve.
However, since most Protestants no longer see such detailed questions so narrowly, it annoys only a few that the custom of Saint Nicholas, similar to Martin's custom with Martin's singing and Martin's parade, is still an integral part of the pre-Christmas period.
Today, you can find everything your heart desires in boots in front of the door and under the Christmas tree, from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources prove a tradition of giving gifts since the 13th century on the day of Saint Nicholas.
With the Reformation, gift giving day was postponed to Christmas Eve.
In all Christian countries, however, there is a cheerful mess about the question of who is now bringing the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the respective region whether the Christ Child appears on Christmas Eve or Santa Claus, who is in principle a kind of Santa Claus, who has been assigned some peculiarities over time.
These include, for example, his white beard, which has little in common with the historical figure's rather strict Assyrian beard, his sleigh pulled by reindeer and the preference for the fireplace to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain, the Magi give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the baby Jesus.
In Scandinavia, mythical creatures sometimes bring the gifts, while in Russia it brought Father Frost some fame.
Here, it is not reindeer, but three horses that pull his sleigh as a troika.
In the Czech Republic, the motherland of the Reformation in the wake of the Hussite Wars, the Christ Child is responsible for handing over the gifts.
I've been getting this error when trying to download a new book for 3 weeks, but my account and contact information are up to date:
asking for troubleshooting help as I
otherwise buy another e-book #PRS_ORG #.
I asked for a return label for my order #NUMBER # last week and this morning.
I was told that one would be sent to me.
Since I haven't received one yet (not in the SPAM folder either), I wanted to ask how long this usually takes.
Thank you so much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near Royal Palace
An armed man was shot dead by police near Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police said callers reported a man who allegedly went into a bank and a bookmaker's business with a gun.
According to authorities, the man fled in a vehicle that could be stopped by officers a little later.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
The Kensington Palace area is home to several embassies.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
Which one?
No matter where I click, I'm immediately redirected to your site.
The decorative light fits harmoniously into any flower bed, garden area or rock garden.
The lamp is simply set up and can be anchored in the ground with 2 ground spikes.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar panel for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Burn time max. 10 hours
- The robust plastic version can be used outdoors all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is usually threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow in color on the inside.
“Smart Stone”, on the other hand, is completely harmless: The sun alone ensures that this solar light shines fascinatingly — either in white or colored light (in six different shades).
The edgeless, amorphous design has been deliberately chosen: This modern light object presents itself during the day like a naturally shaped large pebble.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment — whether on the edge of the terrace, in the lawn or in the stone bed.
He also does well in the neighborhood of larger pebbles and boulders, where he knows how to assert himself thanks to its size.
You can save yourself major preparatory work: As a solar light, “Smart Stone” requires neither a supply line nor batteries.
Place the “luminous stone” in any place illuminated by the sun during the day.
Two ground spikes provided provide a firm grip if required.
The matt white plastic case itself is robust and weatherproof.
Its solar module conceals “Smart Stone” discreetly inside, together with its battery and two LEDs — one for white light, the other for colored light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight falls on the housing.
When dawning falls, “Smart Stone” begins to glow automatically; in which color is up to you: You can choose from six attractive light colors — in addition to daylight white.
Switching off also takes place automatically as soon as the battery charge level has dropped to a specified minimum or it gets light again.
As soon as the sun shines again, the charging cycle starts all over again the next day.
I've done that several times before, it doesn't work.
It's a shame I would have liked to continue ordering from you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, I will no longer order as a matter of principle.
If you change your mind, let me know.
Otherwise, that was the last contact today.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
In lockdown, no hardware store is open anyway...
The engine control of the LokSound 5 has once again been fundamentally improved.
A variably adjustable PWM clock frequency from 10 kHz to 50 kHz ensures super-quiet operation, especially for bell-armature motors — the typical “hum” is a thing of the past.
Load regulation can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique “Autotune” function allows the decoder to be automatically calibrated to the motor.
With up to 1.5A motor current, the LokSound 5 decoder delivers enough juice even for older motors.
- Please use the eBay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are summarized correctly.
- You will receive an email with the parcel number for tracking the shipment.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT from the specialist retailer for every purchase of new goods.
- We usually process your order or request within 24 hours on working days.
pill problem
Hello dear women,
I hope I'm doing everything right here, it's actually my first post after a year of Reddit.
About my problem: I started taking the pill again about five years ago, primarily because I had such unbelievably bad pain during my period and crappy PMS before the period.
Now I would like to stop that again, because chronic illnesses mean that I already have to take enough medication that I can't choose.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain, but my skin.
I had explosively picked up pimples on my last two-year break from 0 to 100 and they were everywhere.
So far so superficial, but it really burdened me and I didn't feel well.
In the two-year break, the whole thing has never really normalized.
Maybe someone has some tips to avoid that this time.
My cosmetics are already fragrance-free and without fuss, but maybe there is something that someone can recommend to me.
Unfortunately, gynecologist didn't take me so seriously and dermatologist appointment is yet to come.
Many thanks to everyone who has read the novel!
Yes, dear skin is such a thing.
Had pre-bupertal bad atopic dermatitis, then a period of rest, then extensive nodule lichen and the acne issue.
I also have nutrition in the course of Chr. Illness tried everything possible and got stuck on a sugar, milk and low-meat mixed diet, because nothing else worked really well.
It may well be that hormonally simply the worm is in it, but if you have construction sites everywhere, like me, you just don't want to go looking for what else is going wrong.
I've already had everything from her colleague Semina or similar.
and now I've lost the conversation and I don't know what was answered to my request.
I always have to work and answer the phone in between and suddenly everything was gone...
what is there to check, if the money was there, I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but is it generally available in large
as it is available in large black
The Zappiti 4K HDR series — The best movie experience ever!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for the best image quality, outstanding performance and the best possible user-friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you convenient and intuitive access to your entire movie library in stunning 4K high-definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti players are successfully used all over the world to improve the movie experience, both in the home and in a commercial environment.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the most advanced 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video file formats, full BD/UHD menus, 1 billion color HEVC video codec (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and features a wide, solid chassis, dual HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best possible home theater experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing delivers outstanding image quality — far better than previous generations — with improved dynamics, accurate color reproduction, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing, and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or a front projector, you'll be amazed by the picture quality of your display!
3D also provides better image depth and an impressive immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included).
Network Playback: Dedicated network optimization that guarantees better performance when playing over the local network, regardless of the type of media, thanks to SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100.
Universal RC: Seamlessly integrates with smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto, and common IP codes.
It doesn't help much as I've been waiting for it since September.
Nothing works anymore.
My account is apparently suspended and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that, according to the manufacturer or operating instructions, use the products listed above.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist retailer in toner production
All listed company and brand names as well as all mentioned type designations are the property of the respective legal manufacturers and rights holders.
Mention of them serves only as a guide and to indicate the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
What vouchers???
I didn't get my voucher credited with the last order!
In the name of the people: laypeople pass judgments
In the courtroom, they sit on the bench of judges in everyday clothes.
But a lot depends on their verdict, even if they don't wear a robe: Aldermen determine with professional judges whether and for how long someone goes behind bars.
Two of them report on their time at the Bad Kreuznach district court in conversation with the “public”: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the district court on John-F.-Kennedy-Straße.
Hello, unfortunately I can't get into the customer account.
Could you please send me the invoice from order number #NUMBER # again to the email address given above?
Can we dispose of the material of the packaging?
We have no way of keeping them for that long.
We would use the table as offered by them as if it were ours
I would like to, had already ordered and received the same armchair in blue in Nov. because they are so beautiful, would now have one in grey
Does the cabinet have to be completely dismantled for collection and refund?
and when would the collection be
110 kV underground cable will be newly built in 2022
The permit for the installation of the new high-voltage cable near Tann is legally binding.
The planning approval decision by the government of Lower Bavaria paves the way for construction, which is due to begin in 2022.
Network operator Bayernwerk has now announced this.
The underground cable, which is around seven kilometers long, will connect the Tann substation in the north of the municipality and the existing 110 kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable is connected to a mast of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning
My order from 03.01.21 with the order number #NUMBER # has only arrived in parts so far.
The blue begging number: #PRS_ORG # with shipment number #NUMBER # was returned by #PRS_ORG # with the note “Delivery not possible”.
All three other packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me what the next process is?
Have a nice start to the week!
You can forget that, I explained that several times yesterday!!
This is a glass chest of drawers and the entire sides have burst open, so there is glass everywhere and the box is broken
The chest of drawers is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG # refuses to come into the apartment because of the #PRS_ORG # regulations
This means that the chest of drawers cannot be picked up because no one is allowed in my apartment
thanks for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER #EUR
No, it's for all books, so yes the request to #PRS_ORG #, as it's probably a general problem
Ref: Schedule Lessons (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I've been in the ref since summer and I enjoy teaching, but I'm currently still having big problems planning my geography lessons in a time-efficient manner.
Unfortunately, my school is not technically well equipped, so that in principle I can only use the blackboard, the textbook and an OHP as a medium.
In addition, I can only copy b/w for free at school (which is annoying for geography).
It simply takes me a long time to plan my lessons right now.
For example, we are currently working on the topic of geofactors and for me, every hour actually stands alone.
In principle, the methods are always repeated, but on the other hand, I don't want to invest an excessive amount of time for simple lessons (I also need that for UBs, etc.).
When planning, I always start from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how to set it up (I usually create a worksheet with texts from books that my school doesn't have).
We have the book Terra and I'm rather dissatisfied with most of the tasks in the book.
Hence the worksheets too.
Maybe a geography teacher can tell me how to work with the book in a time-efficient manner.
I would be really happy.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG # from the order #NUMBER #.
I've actually already decided on a new one at #PRS_ORG #, but I'd love to process the return as soon as possible for now.
Retailers fear Christmas shopping due to the 2G regulation.
In most stores, only those who have been vaccinated or recovered are allowed.
Retailers consider this unnecessary and complain about slumps in sales.
He also has a possible solution ready.
From the point of view of the German Trade Association (HDE), the 2G regulations are spoiling the important Christmas business for retailers.
HDE CEO Stefan Genth criticized HDE CEO Stefan Genth in sales slumps in transactions with articles for non-daily use.
According to a recent survey by the HDE of 1100 retailers, more than 70 percent of companies had a negative view of the remaining days of the year.
Many would have already written off the Christmas business.
“What should actually be the positive highlight of the year is now often a bottomless hole,” said Genth.
Retailers with 2G access restrictions therefore lost just under a third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
Things only go well in food retailing and in the online sector.
The association called for consequences from the dramatic development.
Shopping with a mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the managing director.
“2G in shopping won't get us anywhere in the fight against the pandemic,” he emphasized.
The current regulations deterred customers and required a high level of personnel.
The ribbon regulation must be approved nationwide, he demanded.
According to this, each customer only has to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would have access to all shops on that day with the received wristband.
In addition, random checks should be sufficient in retail - as in public transport with the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested).
The real estate group Deutsche Euroshop, which specializes in shopping centers, also spoke of a difficult Christmas business.
Without 2G, frequencies were recently a good 75 percent of the pre-corona level, while sales were around 90 percent.
These figures will now certainly fall in the midst of such important Christmas business,” CEO Wilhelm Wellner told the “Wirtschaftswoche.”
Due to the high personnel and administrative effort involved, the centers are trying to find solutions and get approved.
This includes the so-called ribbon solution, in which “visitors can, for example, provide their 2G proof at a central location in the center and then - equipped with a bracelet similar to a club hotel - enter all shops undisturbed.” dpa
I recently ordered and received the #PRS_ORG #.
The mirror has a scratch and there is also a defect on the frame that was tried to be concealed with a yellow filler.
It looks unpleasant.
I would like to return the mirror and have already packed it back into the package and glued it shut.
How do I have to proceed now for the return?
The lamp is designed for dual balance, based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
A modern microprocessor with exceptional possibilities ensures the adjustment of the color temperature and brightness of the lamp.
In addition to adjusting the brightness, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to manually set and save the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K.
Use the current settings in flash memory.
A special feature of the controller is that it is easy and intuitive to use.
The luminaire produces a very luminous flux with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The 120 degree beam angle, which allows you to illuminate large areas at a relatively small distance, is excellent.
Incidentally, also in reporter situations in small rooms or at short intervals.
You can adjust the brightness virtually without changing the color temperature.
It's a great tool to work both on a movie set or in the studio.
The optional DMX512 controller allows remote control of the luminaire in television studios or when the luminaire is mounted in hard-to-reach areas.
At the back of the lamp is the control panel, consisting of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
There is also a slot for the NP-F batteries (not included in delivery)
User Memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To make the settings of the individual settings on the memory locations, simply press one of the memory keys for a longer period of time and you're done.
The memory controller stores the current state of the lamp when switched off, so that the familiar situation is restored when switched on again - Very practical when working in the studio when, for example, the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with battery One of the biggest strengths of DL3120 functionality comes from the possibility of operation with cheap NP-F batteries.
These are often already owned by photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can use existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check before the set whether the batteries have enough power - a battery tester is also built in - a value for each of the two battery compartments in the two display indicators (the left battery on the top display, the right on the bottom display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply the headlight with power via the supplied power supply unit.
The construction of the headlight is very simple.
They have a 16mm sleeve as a connection for attachment, so you can attach directly to your photo tripod.
The inclination can be reliably adjusted by means of locks on both sides.
Care has been taken to ensure that the mechanical components are also of extremely high quality and are therefore designed for durability and tough use.
A tilt joint is also included in the scope of delivery.
It's great that a bag is also included in the delivery.
This means that you can safely transport or store the luminaire with all the accessories that you may still want to buy without any problems.
Too bad I received it as a gift and it is too small :(
“Party we wanted to throw”: Frankfurt celebrates after a goal-rich comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the Hessians, who had won twice in series last, were supposedly on their way to the next Bundesliga bankruptcy.
But then the SBU turned on, shot off the frustration of a mixed start to the season within a good hour and won furiously with 5:2. “It's amazing what the boys did today,” cheered coach Oliver Glasner at DAZN and gave “blanket praise to everyone who was there.”
Initially, it looked like another dampening for the Frankfurters, who are now in ninth place, still short of their expectations.
Patrik Schick had put the Leverkusen team in the lead 2:0.
What happened then also impressed the SGE coach.
“How the players came back and showed a fantastic performance,” continues Glasner.
I am incredibly happy with the performance we showed and, of course, with the result.
Defensive player Christopher Lenz, who was able to get back on the pitch for the first time since matchday four and his muscle injury he had overcome, also emphasized the morale of his teammates.
“I think our mentality is unbelievably strong,” said the 27-year-old and was pleased with a look at the result, especially for the audience.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
However, Glasner now wants to maintain the focus for the upcoming tasks, but is also well positioned to do so in terms of personnel situation.
It is extraordinary that we have all players fit in December, that all players are physically in top condition.
It's top work in our medical department, but the players also live highly professionally.
Now they want to “go on step by step and remain modest” and “complete the tasks at this level” until the turn of the year.
Next on Wednesday as part of the English week, an away game with Borussia Mönchengladbach (6:30 PM, Sky) is on the program.
I've just received the email that my package is coming back to you due to an error on my part.
I've tried calling #PRS_ORG # and having it redirect, no chance.
Can it be resent to me directly or do I have to wait until the money is transferred back and place the order again?
Unfortunately, it would mean that I won't order again because it took a long time.
Have they ever sat on the #PRS_ORG # chairs?
Damper for women's handball ahead of quarter-final against Spain
After the humiliation against Denmark, Germany's handball women snuck off the floor with their heads hanging and blank looks.
At the end of the World Cup main round, the DHB selection suffered a bitter defeat at 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and now have to face hosts Spain in the quarter-finals.
“We were far too fearful and had too much respect for the opponent,” said national coach Henk Gröner.
We must act differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round group III with 8:2 points in second behind the Danes (10:0).
It's a shame that we couldn't take the flow with us.
It was a bad game by everyone that we have to delete,” said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight for the semi-finals, there must be a significant increase against the 2019 World Cup runner-up next Tuesday in order to keep the tender dream of winning the first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German thrower in the duel with three-time Olympic Champion Denmark was backroom player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
“We were simply not there - neither in attack nor in defense,” acknowledged backroom player Xenia Smits and demanded: “We must now quickly look ahead.”
Not up to par from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not up to par with the kickoff.
Missed throws and technical errors in the attack and gaps in defense were responsible for a quick 0:4 gap after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately at operating temperature and prevented worse with a few saves.
The DHB team scored their first goal after 9:30 minutes, when Grijseels successfully completed a quick backlash.
However, this was not the initial spark hoped for.
The German women were hardly able to stage themselves against the aggressive cover of the Danes - and if they did, they mostly failed because of the strong Althea Reinhardt in the Scandinavians' goal.
The 3:10 game was over after 20 minutes early, especially as backroom player Mia Zschocke also saw red a little later due to a hard foul on her opponent.
However, she is allowed to participate again in the quarter-finals.
It wasn't until the final phase of the first half that the DHB selection got into the game a little better and came close to at least five goals by the break.
The already quiet hope of a catch-up race after the change was gone after just seven minutes at 9:19.
Once again, the Gröner protégés sinned in all areas and made it easy for the well-off opponent, who is one of the medal candidates in the final round.
As a result, the German team was no longer able to get up to an increase in performance and left the floor as a clear loser.
ROOF advent calendar day 6: family traditions during the Christmas season
As part of the Reddit Advent calendar, we got hold of St. Nicholas Day and are taking this as an opportunity to dedicate ourselves to family traditions in the run-up to Christmas, Advent, St. Nicholas, Christmas Eve and Christmas holidays.
What was it like in your home back then?
As with your\ *r partner\ *in?
Do you also want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is most beautiful for children?
The boot cleaning?
Baking cookies?
Decorate trees?
Is music played?
Is Santa Claus, the Christ Child coming or is the gift from grandma and grandpa after all?
No matter how you do it, everyone makes an effort at and around Christmas to have it as nice as possible as a family.
Whether these are fixed traditions, or even something different every year: tell us how things went or are going in your family!
please send me any transaction number.. or anything else that might help with this
transfer confirmation... etc
I would like to give away a voucher code
as with #PRS_ORG # gift vouchers
is that possible with them?
The title states that I work as a vaccination doctor in mobile vaccination teams, in which (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is vaccinated, especially in nursing homes.
Since a large part of these will soon be ready, I will continue to vaccination centers in part afterwards.
I am happy to answer questions without time limits on organizational and human aspects as well as medical questions, as long as they are not related to you personally (e.g. “I take medication X, is it compatible with vaccination...”).
My area of responsibility includes information on vaccination, indication (person is entitled to vaccination according to the corona vaccination regulations and no reasons against it), medical documentation and, if necessary, emergency care in the event of allergic reactions (never happened to me before).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, e.g. medical professionals.
However, we often don't have any vaccination teams with us, but “only” (for God's sake, no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for vaccine preparation, but who cannot (are not allowed?) to carry out vaccinations , so that I also do most of the vaccinations myself there.
Serious “Huidlerer” question: Amberger knows the solution
What is a “Huidlerer”?
With this dialect word, sent in by an Amberger, the BR television program “Wir in Bayern” caused heavy reflection.
But unlike on many previous days, the term remained in the series “Host mi?” Unguessed by the callers this time.
No, it wasn't a “person who is nervous.”
And also no one “for whom everything has to go fast.”
People heard from the TV presenter that was completely wrong.
To which the man from Amberg shared the solution and thus probably also caused astonishment among many Upper Palatinate residents.
“The Huidlerer,” the audience learned, “is a rag with which someone wipes out the oven.”
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, who has been interviewed as an expert by Bavarian Television for years, confirmed this.
With the comment that this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, somehow derived from the more well-known dialect word “Houdern.”
Which closed an educational gap - probably also for a number of people who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I haven't been able to buy books for 2 weeks.
After confirmation, the following error message always appears: oops - someting went wrong - try again later.
I rebooted the #PRS_ORG # gel #PRS_ORG #n, connected to the PC, synced and repaired.
Nothing has helped.
Choosing tires for road bikes - really that puncture-proof?
This morning I woke up full of zest for action because I wanted to train at least a little more to prepare for my bike ride next week.
No sooner said than done and I rode off on my road bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then what happened in every city center (this time: Thank you Krefeld!) lurks.
Broken glass on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tire didn't want to go along the rest of the track at all.
Since I had no real opportunity to get a replacement jacket and hose due to the day of the week, I had to turn around again in a halfway bad mood and take the first train home.
It wasn't that bad in terms of whimsical technology, maybe it's better if I practice changing tires again before the bike tour.
But now I am faced with a question and hope that you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long route ahead of me over several days, I would be extremely reluctant to get this problem more often.
It really wasn't bad now, because the old tires from the previous owner (very nice old man, demolished 120km until 2 pm on the day I came to pick up the bike!) and who had already described them as suboptimal because he had been on a roll with them for several years.
But when I think about the fact that I still have to change tires when driving after 80-90kms, then I think I'm in a really bad mood: D
Now I got into conversation with an older man on the platform, who asked me in wonder why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tires; they should be flattable.
Now, of course, the whole thing sounds very tempting.
But are they really that indestructible?
I don't want to spend €40/tire now, only to be disappointed.
I also ask myself: I think I have 25x622 on my road bike at the moment.
They also exist (apparently?) for the Marathon Plus tires, but the majority is already wider.
is this a problem
Or would you advise me to use different tires for a road bike in general?
The swallow side seems to be my absolute! Laiewissen is more likely to recommend the Durano DD?
Thank you in advance for your help and best regards!
Car hurls into tree: Driver fatally injured
The 53-year-old had crashed his car into a central island on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten for unknown reasons and then hit the oncoming lane, according to the police.
There was a head-on collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The 53-year-old's car was then thrown into a tree and the man was trapped in the car.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the accident and taken to surrounding hospitals.
yes we have we have deleted all books, all newly authorized and downloaded new books
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free from harmful metals.
The group of companies strives to use formulations without regulated or questionable ingredients without influencing the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging are made from recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please only recycle completely emptied containers.
Bring containers with leftovers to the problem waste site.
Labeling: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the latest labelling regulations.
The classification, classification, marking is carried out according to GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EC in the currently valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EC, Article 31 and Annex II, in the currently valid form.
With many DUPLI-COLOR spray paints, spray protection and break-proof sealing cap prevent unauthorized use.
Refer to the appropriate instructions on the cap or label.
Always read and observe the respecting texts carefully before use!
Will I receive a confirmation of this by email?
I have already received insurance from your colleagues 3 times... How reliable is your information?
When will the freight forwarder contact me?
I've already written, didn't you get my text
After the release of our new high-end broadband B 100- 6 OHM, it was only a matter of time before our SOLO series would also have offspring again.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offspring and is visually reminiscent of the great models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, this building proposal includes a suitably designed foot directly to raise the loudspeaker to the correct listening position.
This has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adjusted in length according to the conditions at home.
Due to its principle, the SOLO 15 is very suitable for people for whom the maximum volume plays a rather subordinate role, but the sound level is to be exceptionally high.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not able to generate such high sound pressure levels almost unfiltered.
However, that doesn't mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, it appears remarkably adult and extremely impressive and accurate for its size.
The SOLO 15 was tonally tuned with a slight treble increase.
This is common practice in broadband networks in order to optimize the bundling that is too high.
Aligned precisely to the listening position, the SOLO 15 impresses with its very clear and fine sound.
Turned slightly outwards, the treble range can be reduced and thus the sound image can be made warmer.
Thanks to the point sound source, the location of the individual components of a piece of music in the optimal stereo triangle is razor-sharp and astonishingly precise.
The extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM, which are suspicious of reference, ensure fine dynamics that are second to none.
The SOLO 15 thus not only complements our SOLO series, but also expands it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
As with all our kits, it is advisable to think about the final appearance of the loudspeaker at the beginning in order to plan for appropriate changes during construction.
If, for example, you want to veneer the housings, the lowering of the loudspeaker must be adjusted accordingly, as the veneer applies material again.
After all panels have been cut to size (e.g. in a hardware store), you should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base plate at the appropriate location so that the cable can be easily routed through there later.
With the help of a router, the loudspeaker opening in the front now follows, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can later be used flush.
On the back, this opening should be provided with a 45° chamfer in order to make the opening area of the loudspeaker chassis inside as large as possible.
The four screw points of the B 100 - 6 OHM are interrupted in the chamfer, as shown in the “Detail Chamfer” image.
Then you start with the actual construction of the box and place one of the two side walls on a flat surface in front of you.
The back wall, the lid, the front and the base are now glued onto this.
The three stiffeners should also be inserted and glued.
The stiffeners themselves can vary in material thickness if required, for example, if you want to use ready-made strips from the hardware store instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
In the next step, the second side is attached.
This is followed by all plates of the foot, i.e. the two sides, as well as the front.
A suitable circular saw or a Forstner drill makes it easier to attach the openings of the bass reflex tube and the connection terminal on the rear wall.
A round cutter is then used to round off all edges of the actual box.
The upper side of the foot plate can also be rounded off in this way.
The foot plate is then firmly glued to the base of the housing and additionally screwed on with long wood screws.
This is followed by marking and pre-drilling (2.5 mm drill) of the screw points of the loudspeaker chassis and the connection terminal.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuum/blow out), start laying the cable.
The easiest way to do this is to use the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the rear panel.
The entire and unshortened cable is pushed piece by piece through the 8 mm hole into the foot up to the terminal opening and allowed to protrude there by approx. 30 cm.
In the upper part of the housing, the cable is routed to the loudspeaker opening and let it hang out loosely there as well.
The crossover is then prepared and used.
The construction plan of the crossover, as well as the corresponding connection diagram, can be found in the following document: Assembly instructions turnout Solo 15.
If the crossover is installed and the connection terminal is screwed on, the 8 mm cable opening inside the box is sealed, which is not yet completely closed.
Thanks to the 35 mm bass reflex opening and with a little skill, you can drip hot glue onto the opening and thus close it.
Through the opening of the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp, you can check the seal accordingly.
According to the description, the attenuation now follows.
The B 100 - 6 OHM is then connected and screwed down with the appropriate screws.
Polarity plays an important role here, so that the positive line (marked cable) must be soldered to the positive pole of the loudspeaker (larger contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and plugged in.
For damping, a mat of the damping material is cut into two parts and distributed loosely in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex channel should be kept clear.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered at the beginning of June?
> Hello everyone
> We can finally announce that we are hosting the OSCAST again this year!
> Unfortunately, for well-known reasons, it is not possible for us to get more than four people into the studio, which has meant a higher planning effort and explains the short-term nature of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people on a switch, so we'll be watching the 2021 Oscars with at least 7 beans on the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We do our best to avoid delay or other problems.
But hey, it's still a pandemic — but we'll do everything we can to make the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
> It will start around 0:30.
Cold drinks, plan good food and get ready for a long but very interesting night.
The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee corresponds to 40% of the value of the goods....
I am a #PRS_ORG# major customer and therefore it is no problem for me.
Just need a number or instruction what I should enclose the package so that it can be tracked by you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago... for €249.
Today it costs 179 €.
I honestly find that very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and re-order for the better price or is there another way of credit?
I also think that children should not be expected to take on a parenting role for their little siblings.
However, I think it is also good for big siblings to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Take a quick look, help out, bring the bottle, etc.
In this way, they learn responsibility, help in the family and are involved.
As long as they can still be enough children themselves, I see no problem.
If your K1 is busy for the short time alone and it is OK for him, that's good.
You can best gauge yourself whether this fits for your children.
It's not like he's supposed to wrap K2 and accompany him for hours while he falls asleep.
In purely legal terms, it's probably questionable.
Perhaps that is why the statement of the psychologist comes.
Because if something like a fire, burglary, earthquake, alien invasion, etc. should actually happen, it would actually be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk you want to take is of course your discretion;)
Please help me to find the title of a book again!
I remember reading a crime/thriller a few years ago and I can still remember almost the entire plot but the title partout doesn't occur to me anymore maybe someone knows about it here...
The story was about fear and treating it.
At the beginning of the story, an animal keeper commits suicide by showering himself with food and going to his big cats in the enclosure.
The case is taken over by a commissioner who after a short investigation gets to his therapist who runs a clinic where he treats anxiety patients.
The commissioner has a little niece who also has a fear (of fire) and ends up with this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is anonymously commissioned to go to the site of the suicide before every suicide and to document and put the photos on the internet.
In any case, it ultimately turns out that this therapist operates a kind of underground therapy group where the patients are transplanted a chip that suppresses an anxiety center in the brain and the patients ultimately face their anxiety in the most extreme way.
(one woman jumps out of the window another drives herself to death on purpose)
This confronting fear is referred to in the book as "the fight."
In the end, there is a big showdown in the clinic that had to do with a fire.
This is so the rough plot I am quite sure that the book was written in the original by a French author/author.
If this plot is known to someone or even someone can tell me the title of the book I would be very happy.
Oh dear, I don't have the password for the Wi-Fi available.
Have to contact my husband first.
But that can take time.
What steps do I have to take afterwards?
Is it also possible to get the price difference back?
Child, 4 years old, splinter under the thumb nail
Child, four years, has splinters of wood under the thumb nail (outside) over the entire length.
Tried to pull him with tweezers.
Very difficult to grasp.
Didn't work out and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No more chance.
Tomorrow we go to the doctor.
All Bosch power tools, compressed air tools and measuring tools are carefully tested and are subject to the strict controls of Bosch quality assurance.
Bosch therefore provides a guarantee for Bosch power tools, compressed air tools and measuring tools.
The buyer's warranty claims from the purchase contract with the seller as well as legal rights are not limited by this guarantee.
We guarantee these tools in accordance with the following conditions:
We provide a guarantee in accordance with the following regulations (No. 2 - 7) by remedying the defects in the tool free of charge, which are demonstrably based on a material or manufacturing defect within the warranty period.
The warranty period is 24 months, in the case of commercial or professional use or equivalent claims 12 months.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the first-time buyer.
The date on the original proof of purchase is decisive.
For all commercial, blue power tools and measuring tools purchased from 01.09.2004 (with the exception of high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers and compressed air tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks of the date of purchase.
Battery packs and chargers as well as supplied accessories are excluded from this warranty extension.
Registration can only be done on the Internet under www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
The confirmation is the registration document, which must be printed out immediately, as well as the original proof of purchase, which shows the date of purchase.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data to be entered there.
Excluded from the warranty are: parts that are subject to use-related or other natural wear, as well as defects in the tool that are due to use-related or other natural use, abnormal environmental conditions, unrelated operating conditions, overloading or lack of maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessory, supplementary or spare parts that are not original Bosch parts.
Tools to which modifications or additions have been made.
Slight deviations from the nominal quality, which are irrelevant for the value and usability of the tool.
The remedy of the defect recognized by us as subject to warranty is carried out in such a way that we repair the defective tool free of charge at our discretion or replace it with a flawless tool (possibly also a successor model).
Replaced tools or parts become our property.
When did the deadline expire?
Under the Distance Selling Act, I have a right of withdrawal of 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
Due to the combination of digital decoder and sound module on a printed circuit board, we achieve dimensions of only 30mm x15.5mm and can thus be installed in almost any locomotive of the gauges H0 and 0.
LokSound 5 decoders are offered with all common interfaces and always come with a 11x15mm large "sugar cube" speaker and sound capsule kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a true multi-protocol decoder.
It masters the DCC data format as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In the DCC format, 14 to 128 speed steps are as natural as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders log on fully automatically to a suitable digital control centre.
It masters all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom®, the CV values can be read out on the main track with suitable control panels.
Auxiliary registers exist for control panels that can program only the CVs of 1-255.
Engine oil users benefit from up to 28 speed steps with 255 addresses.
Three further engine oil addresses enable the triggering of 16 functions.
A built-in programming mode also makes reprogramming possible with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic login to mfx-compatible control panels.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes the Märklin® braking distances as well as ZIMO® HLU braking commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
Braking with DCC brake modules or with DC voltage is also possible.
In addition, it also stops at a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC automatic commuter train enables automatic commuting between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analog DC and AC traces.
After my voucher is no longer extended due to a complaint that has not arrived at me, I will return my order worth approx.
#NUMBER# € from my shopping cart and order elsewhere, where the customer friendliness is higher and I do not have to tap my fingers sore to achieve nothing at all!!
What should I do with this number then??
Because of omicron: Johnson wants to push ahead with booster vaccination
Ever new omicron cases are getting politics and science in the UK.
By New Year's Day, all qualifying adults in England should therefore receive a vaccination offer.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to make even faster progress on coronavirus booster shots in the face of rapidly rising Omicron numbers than previously targeted.
Every adult in England should already be given the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year, provided that at least three months have passed since vaccination was vaccinated, Johnson said in a pre-recorded video message to his compatriots on Sunday evening.
So far, the target date has been the end of January.
The UK Government will provide additional support to accelerate vaccination campaigns in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
One is facing an emergency in the face of the Omicron variant, which is why vaccination protection urgently needs to be strengthened, Johnson said.
The good news is that the level of protection can be increased again with a third vaccination dose.
"Get boosted now!" Johnson said.
On Sunday, 1239 more Omicron cases were recorded in the UK, bringing the total to 3137.
Compared to the previous day, this was an increase of a whopping 65 percent. DPA
will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price upon collection?
I am in favour of everyone introducing themselves with pronouns
I sent an application.
Today came the invitation to a conversation by e-mail.
I want to reply to the email.
Unfortunately, the name is not a "Peter," but a somewhat more complicated name.
I Googled him and depending on where he/she has a cultural background it is either a man or a woman.
* * I have no idea how to write the email now.
Can someone please help me?
* * I am a foreigner and do not want to kick a civil servant over his feet.
Conclusion: everyone should introduce themselves with pronouns.
Got a total of 5 books on it.
4 of them go.
Only the one I bought today is not possible
Obviously, the chair had an unobservable defect in sales.
How else can such upholstery damage occur after 9 months?
First tried on the #PRS_ORG#.
But this has been working for approx.
14 days no more.
Therefore, I always bought the last books through the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# and wanted to buy 8.
However, there were none more.
Now they are available again and I want you to please add 2 chairs to the order and charge me.
[CW] The feeling when I can't help.
Content warning: I'm going to write a little bit of detail about domestic violence here.
I just have to write something about my soul.
I (21) come into contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence more often for professional reasons.
One topic that really gnaws at me and unfortunately happens far too often is that many victims do not let us help or think we could not help them.
It is quite clear to me that we cannot do everything and it is not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my profession that move me more than if I can do nothing in such situations.
I see the bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in conversation in private, with the perpetrator far out of sight and hearing distance, I can not reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the usual social environment, fear of snatching the children out of it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes very close to tears, everyone is worth living without violence.
I want all women to know that they don't just have to accept violence.
Often I wish I could help in any case... I know I can't.
But it never gets easier.
Please, always remember, you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
"Arcane" on Netflix: What good is the series for "League of Legends"?
A lot of fantasy, a lot of complicated names, a breathtaking presentation: "Arcane," the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, has recently launched on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two season?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle of the MHP giants Ludwigsburg at the Merlins Crailsheim
At least youngster Johannes Patrick was reliable.
Again, nothing: for the second time in less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick had said with the review of the cup defeat in early October at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim: "We still have some anger in our stomach."
However, this did not settle after the game - but increased again in view of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the basketball Bundesliga.
Whereby even more than the naked result disappointed the manner of the performance.
A statistic that expresses the entire dilemma is representative: The three-way quota was just 13 percent, 4 hits (all from the young Johannes Patrick) at a whopping 31 attempts - still questions?
The answer was provided by John Patrick: "We just weren't focused enough after the win at Tenerife, and didn't implement what we trained."
Namely to move the ball.
His counterpart Sebastian Gleim reacted quite differently: "To win a great game for the second time against Ludwigsburg," said the happy coach.
"It felt like it was in front of 10,000 people."
On Saturday, only 750 visitors were allowed in the Hohenlohe Arena, but they got their money's worth.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who marked 22 points and steered his team's game.
"The best playmaker I've ever coached," Gleim praised.
While in Patrick's team itself the performers like Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed across the board.
Only in the last quarter (22:15), the Giants prevented a total debacle and came up to eight points, having already been 39:59 behind.
In addition to Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon scored twelve points.
Fortunately, there is not much time to squabble.
Already on Wednesday (19 o'clock) the giants receive the Skyliners Frankfurt, before then also in Ludwigsburg maximum 750 spectators.
we used to have a different e-mail address, but I changed it.
Yes, I contacted you a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We have legally informed ourselves again and have therefore written to them again.
We originally came forward six months ago.
Always as if peeled from the egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He is able to inspire his audience with new interpretations of hits from the 20s and 30s.
He is currently on the road with the program "Good day, good luck" - if he is allowed to perform.
Actually, Max Raabe would have wanted to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing comes of it.
The planned concert has been moved to May 2022 - "on official instructions" to contain the corona virus.
Other of his performances planned for the Advent season must also be cancelled, as the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de) states.
From January, the artists then want to make up for their dates already moved in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe sang a lot as a teenager.
He studied opera singing in Berlin and founded the Palast Orchester together with fellow students in 1986.
Since then, the baritone with its repertoire of hits and chansons has established itself in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He has been awarded many prizes.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) reached - just like his successful album "Für Frauen ist das kein Problem" (2013) - second place in the charts.
He made it out of the niche and into the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, the blonde hair strictly combed back and considered on etiquette, Max Raabe is an indispensable part of the current German-speaking music landscape.
He has been on tour since 2020 with the programme "Good day, good luck." DPA
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample piece of furniture wood in advance?
It to be supplemented with existing furniture and so we could check beforehand whether it fits in color
It still doesn't work I can only crave the cover page but not scroll.
Federal Building Minister Klara Geywitz: Expropriation does not create a new apartment
The new Federal Construction Minister Klara Geywitz (SPD) has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing groups, as was demanded in a referendum in Berlin.
"With an expropriation, not a single new apartment is created, only the ownership structure changes," Geywitz said in an interview with the "Tagesspiegel" (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants certainty that their rent will remain affordable over the next few years.
By the way, a colorful mix of, for example, private landlords, cooperatives or housing companies is the best protection against monopoly formation.
In Berlin, the coalition of the SPD, Greens and Left Party wants to set up a commission of experts on how to deal with the result of the referendum.
But if the situation does not ease, Geywitz did not rule out talks with the FDP in the traffic light coalition about further tightening in tenancy law.
The coalition agreement provides for a rent price brake until 2029, a limit on rent increases in tense housing markets and the expansion of the rent level.
I will speak to the Minister for Justice to implement this as soon as possible.
If the rental market does not relax, "we will talk to the coalition partners about further steps," emphasized the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and after a few days I noticed that I forgot the last step in the payment.
Unfortunately, the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be in stock again?
Or will it even come again?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Voucher sounds great
Then I redeem it independently with the new order
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long does the shipment itself take?
I've already cut my finger
This is an absolute impudence
At least 100 killed by tornadoes in Kentucky
In a devastating storm system, numerous tornadoes have swept through the US.
There could be more than 100 deaths in Kentucky alone.
The pictures from there are reminiscent of a war zone.
On Saturday night, several tornadoes wreaked havoc in the United States and possibly claimed up to a hundred lives.
The storms leave behind an approximately 320-kilometer-long swath of devastation, especially in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor, Andy Beshear, said after a visit to the disaster area, everywhere the tornado raced through, everything was gone.
Houses, shops, government buildings - just gone.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It is hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He expects up to a hundred deaths in the state of Kentucky alone, with official numbers rising hourly.
Hello, I just saw that she showcase #NAME# sold out.
That's a pity.
Is it still being produced?
Or is it completely removed from the range?
Is it possible to order this showcase in another country?
by when do you report?
If the delivery cannot be made to my apartment, I have to cancel the order!
I understand that, but can I order the blanket now and have it delivered to Germany, which is in the shopping cart?
I had returned an item via the contact form or gave a return and wanted to ask if this arrived or is being processed, since I have not yet received confirmation.
Companies pay vaccination premiums and change advertising slogans
While the Federal Government continues to reject the proposals for a vaccination premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative themselves and offer their employees cash premiums for the vaccination.
This puts them in line with the social partners ÖGB and Wirtschaftskammer, who today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination calls - based on the German model - is also intended to increase the readiness for corona vaccinations.
He moved to a company he was blaspheming about.
That doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and drink tea.
It's been a year.
He obviously did not sew himself to his old place and looked for something else.
You can do that too.
And that he didn't like you at the time: well, no matter.
He didn't like his job either.
There are too many variables.
Please record the cancellation.
That will be legally relevant.
I'm making a screen shot.
Good afternoon - I'm interested in the Boone dining table, White.
Is it also available in large 230cm?
We carry in our online shop kitchenpoint.de all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories.
We always check the quality and completeness of your order.
Smeg's new fully automatic coffee machine brings freshly ground coffee to your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matt colours in combination with the matt brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG fully automatic coffee machine with milk frother a design object.
In accordance with the reduced design, all functions such as degree of grinding and amount of water, as well as the choice between espresso, americano, ristretto or a mild coffee with only four buttons can be selected.
Thanks to the steam plant, coffee-milk and milk foam specialties can also be prepared.
Help with your first own campaign
Boron to greet you!
I am currently leading the adventure Over the Greifenpass for a group of 4 friends and would like to lead my heroes seamlessly into a campaign written especially for the players.
We play DSA 5.
The big bow is made, the villains and their motivations are written, the individual acts are thought up and now I am about to write the entry adventure and stumble over my own feet already at the first encounter.
The premise is that the heroes are to bring a wagon of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near Lake Thuran.
There the further action should develop.
A few miles from the village, a group of goblins is supposed to lurk at the heroes and lure them into an ambush.
I want to give the player characters the opportunity to solve the confrontation in different ways: convincing, acting, threatening, recognizing the danger early, whatever comes to mind for the players.
Group strength: 8 ordinary goblins, 2 with spears, 6 armed with bows and sabers
In non-mercs, the goblins lurk at the heroes in a hollow path and flank the wagon with three arches each to the left and right, while two with spears stop the wagon.
If it comes to the fight and the heroes are defeated, I have two solutions
1. The heroes are all found unconscious and then healed by the son of the village Schulzen, a half-elf.
The cart is gone, of course.
2. Should a defeat be unavoidable, this half-eleven intervenes with two of his servants and comes to the aid of the heroes in the fight.
The cart is still there, everything is great.
How appropriate do you think Deus ex Machina of Solution 2?
Is the Encounter too much to start the adventure?
The Goblin group will play a decisive role later on, so it is not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: Wow, I didn't expect so many answers, especially not so many great suggestions and tips.
I will certainly heed many of your ideas and now have more confidence in my narratives.
I disassembled the lamp again.
And put back together.
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work.
That's why I'd still like to send them back
If you can then have the return receipts come, then I can pack the lamp and take it to the #PRS_ORG#.
Save shipping costs and time - while relieving the environment!
If you need more than one item, please click on "Pay now" when you have all items in your shopping cart.
Thus, the combined shipping is automatically calculated and you get everything in one package.
This procedure saves you the multiple checkout/payment and the environment is happy, as no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel are consumed for the delivery of several packages.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule, we ship your shipment, with receipt of payment by 14:00, on the same working day.
So that your parcel reaches you as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is also on your mailbox and your bell.
Would you like us to send you your parcel to a packing station?
Then please select DHL, because only DHL may deliver to DHL packing stations.
We will send you an e-mail with the shipment number if you have selected DHL or DPD as the sender.
Thus, you can already check from about 22:00 clock, where your package is located.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be happy if you rate us positively and forgive all five stars in the detailed ratings.
Should it happen that not everything has expired to your complete satisfaction, we would be grateful if you would contact us before you leave a review.
This is the only way we have the chance to do everything we can to make you happy.
We didn't do anything with the chair.
suddenly the crack was there
I'm just sat on it
Here the lower part, so to speak the part with storage space, was damaged.
Will everything then be picked up again or only the storage space part?
I'm annoyed by Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the season, the quality on the German Sky has decreased more and more, so I want to breathe a little with this post.
First of all, the transmission was cancelled today in the middle of the F2 race in order to start the F1 preliminary reporting on time.
Due to the delayed start and the start accident, the schedule was far behind schedule, but you could still have shown the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the championship decision (!).
Apparently, however, it is the case that for legal reasons F1 enjoys priority and therefore everything else has to limit itself, so Sky DE probably had no choice here.
Still stupid, especially since Sky UK broadcast the race at the end.
Nevertheless, a small praise: the commentator Olivier Zwartyes accompanied the difficult situation around the serious accident well.
Then in F1 there was once again a lack of knowledge of the rules by the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, so both did not know that you can change the tires under a red flag.
Although this situation already existed at Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, they both only came to the conclusion that Verstappen would be allowed to change tyres when there were corresponding radio messages on the subject to Hamilton.
On Sky UK as well as RTL, both commentators immediately knew there was that possibility for Verstappen.
I am of the opinion that such elementary rules should simply be known when commenting on F1 on a pay-TV channel.
It is also not the first guesswork, which is now possible or prescribed according to rules, both simply have constant uncertainties in the subject of rules.
Generally do not like with the artificial commentary style of Roos, but admit that this is a matter of taste.
But I seriously even like Heiko Wasser from RTL better.
In addition, there are constant sillings that make both simply unprofessional, such as ordering coffee from the (equally unsuspecting) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" by Ralf Schumacher.
Especially the latter brings a lot of unrest into the comment, which he obviously does not take seriously.
Last but not least, the advertising simply takes over at Sky, in the phase-out round, Sky is the only station that goes into advertising, as you can listen to F1TV because only the German soundtrack has to do without comment directly after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do that.
Also, these two channels do less advertising in the trainings than Sky, and that as a free TV channel.
Although you have to praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, that alone does not leave me to overlook the disadvantages.
The rest of Sky Sport F1's programme is also very meagre and full of repetitions.
Overall, Sky is really the worst German-language broadcaster to broadcast the F1.
Unironically, apart from advertising, RTL is doing a better job in the four races they are still allowed to broadcast.
So anyway, the terrific F1 season is much less fun than it would be possible with a reasonable transmitter.
I'd be interested in your opinion.
On the here: #PRS_ORG# pendulum lamp, brass and multi-colored glass x 1
Hello, I have an item that was supposed to be delivered last week and that is still not delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and nothing so far.
The first lady told me it will be sent out on Monday, the second lady told me yesterday that she will review and send an email and she never replied.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on the 12.12.19.
One of them already had a defect after a relatively short time (the fabric has a hole in the front part of the chair).
I ask for your support.
Fan pumps are ideal for supplying an aquarium with additional oxygen.
It is also possible to operate a filter system via an air lifter.
This series is offered in 3 variants by us.
Look at the table at the end of the offer.
There you can see the benefits in comparison.
If the pumps are strong enough, entire plants can be operated with them.
If you have a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are suitable, so that you can connect several outlets.
The MK series has one, two or four outputs, but depending on the model fan pump also offer to set an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with an air curtain (can be found in our shop) or with a decor, which convert the air bubbles into a function.
Here would be a treasure chest, shell or similar to call.
The MK series has a special, sound-insulated design and thus ensures low operating noise.
The installation is very simple.
The fan pump is connected by means of an air hose 4/6 mm to an exhaust manifold or similar... and you can start.
The fan pump should be the same or higher than the water level and be mounted on the outside.
If the fan pump is lower than the water level, you should put a check valve in between.
Simply cut through the air hose and put the valve in between.
This would prevent once water would run backwards running the water out of the basin through the pump...
If the fan pump is installed outdoors, it should, like other air pumps, be covered and protected from moisture
The MK series pumps are pure powerhouses that consume little energy
Even if we indicate here in ebay the processing time with 3 days, so is packed daily and the packages are also picked up daily here.
If everything goes well on the way, it goes very quickly.
We just want to take a little precaution so that no one is out of tune just because it once took a little longer.
It would be like this, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in the forwarding industry... of course, no corona stops here.
Please do not rate the same bad, just because the delivery is delayed, this is exclusively due to the parcel services.
You like to scold about these services, of course, even if we say at the moment... they're having a hell of a hard time
This is also very different regionally.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that there will be better times.
how long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrests?
Do you know how to order the legs in bright here?
Amazon founder Bezo sends astronaut daughter and presenter into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers have taken a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by the rocket system "New Shepard" of the company Blue Origin by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Take-off and landing of the ten-minute flight took place in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky, Bezos personally received the freshly crowned astronauts upon their return.
"Welcome back," Bezos said, dressed in a blue spacesuit as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
To the applause of friends, family members and Blue Origin employees, the six passengers gradually climbed out and hugged the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they were on the road for ten minutes and 13 seconds, reaching an altitude of 107 kilometers.
The 74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of the 1961 flown into space as Nasa astronauts Alan Shepard (1923-1998), after whom the rocket system of Blue Origin is named, and the 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were guests of honor of the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: space engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess son.
How much they each paid for their ticket did not tell Blue Origin.
Laura Shepard Churchley recalled her father's mission after the short flight.
He had to work hard in his assignments and do everything himself.
She had just flown along, said the 74-year-old with a laugh.
Michael Strahan also expressed enthusiasm.
He would like to return to space right away, said the moderator.
"New Shepard" flies up to 100 kilometers altitude
The rocket system "New Shepard" flies largely automated.
The capsule, separated from the rocket during the flight, reached an altitude of around 100 kilometres above Earth, at times with weightlessness, before the reusable object slowed down by large parachutes landed again.
The International Aviation Association and many other experts view 100 kilometers above Earth as a border to space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was already Blue Origin's third manned all-out: At the first in July, Amazon founder Bezos himself was on board, along with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second in October was 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, who became world famous for his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek," as well as former Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, entrepreneur Glen de Vries and Blue Origin's deputy chief executive Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of pushing the space tourism business largely without scientific research interests for the good of humanity and without regard for climate.
At the touch of a button, you can easily select whether your "Smart Stone" should shine permanently in one color or play through its entire color repertoire.
Set to color change, the light stone retains a light color for around a minute before gently transitioning to the next decorative hue.
The solid construction of the "Smart Stone" lamp proves its worth all year round outdoors.
In snowy surroundings, their light is even particularly good - only shortened light duration is to be expected as soon as the days are shorter.
In winter, please only make sure that no snow impairs the function of the solar module.
"Smart Stone" uses a NiMh battery in the common Mignon ("AA") format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can obtain a suitable replacement battery from our webshop and thus extend the service life of your deco lamp even further.
High-gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, in particular for the design of rims, wheel trims, paintable plastic parts with appropriate pretreatment.
With this product DUPLI-COLOR offers for the first time a wipe- and weatherproof chrome spray.
The optimum effect is achieved on a black background, e.g. by pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single can and in a set incl. effect primer and dust binding cloth for the optimal preparation of the painting.
For use on metal, wood, glass, paintable hard plastics, stone.
Perfect that matches:) I don't need to enclose anything else?
All you need is the tracking number for my mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or has studied biochemistry
I am currently studying biochemistry in the first semester and actually find the subject quite exciting in itself and also standing in the laboratory does not bother me (already have the inorganic chemistry internship behind me).
Of course, I was already informed about career prospects before my studies, but I also thought at the time that I certainly want to and will study until my doctorate.
At the moment, however, I have doubts, especially depressing the career prospects.
On the one hand (Studycheck etc) you hear again and again great career opportunities and the profession is totally wanted, on the other hand you hear again and again from unemployed biologists and incredibly low-paid jobs.
So I would really like to know:
1) What are you working as at the moment?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What did you study/What training did you do?
4) Would you do the whole thing again?
Thank you for your answers!
At the moment, I am really unsure and am thinking about dropping out of my studies in 2022 and completing an apprenticeship as an IT specialist.
If you have experiences there write them also like Mal:)
Extra stress before holidays & holiday weekends
This topic came up with me last week.
But now I had to use my long weekend to relax from it.
Therefore only now a post to it.
Not only before big holidays, such as the Christmas holidays, there is great stress in our company.
As it seems, there's also the before holidays plus bridge days.
It was like this: Last week was the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, which is called "driveway" in Switzerland.
On Friday, the vast majority of people and companies make a bridge day, which is therefore semi-official.
So last week there was a long 4-day weekend in the house.
So what happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
Loud e-mails, which had to be sent out before the driveway, order here order there, everything * necessarily * before the long weekend.
Because... yes because?
Because "next week then" sounds like so much time and that's not allowed to be?
Or because people in all seriousness want to do as much in a shortened week as in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but also very annoyed.
What is this self-hostage because of holidays?
Why do we still have holidays if we are not allowed to treat ourselves to them properly?!
The stress did not come from above, the colleagues were all quite independently so on it.
My question is simple: Is this just us, the Swiss?
Is this our Reformed-Evangelical way?
Or do you know that in the north?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - but has no presents yet.
"The nice thing, even if there is no snow in Erfurt, then you just drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest," said the actress and singer hit Radio FFH.
She will get in the mood for the festival by baking cookies and tinkering with her son.
"I love that," Catterfeld said.
Until the contemplative days, however, she still has a lot to do: "For the first time I have no gifts, I finally have to get started."
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth process of moulting and the formation of new feathers.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 µg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of the plumage damage occurring in bird keeping is due exclusively to nutritional errors.
Since the plumage consists of protein-containing substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein nutrition of the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a perfect plumage.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily diet must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
A large part of the animal losses that occur during moulting are due to insufficient or unbalanced protein intake and/or insufficient supply of vitamins and minerals.
In the composition of NEKTON-Bio, the unfavorable ratio of amino acids in most plant feed is explicitly taken into account and balanced.
No further vitamin preparation should be administered while using NEKTON-Bio.
NEKTON-Bio is soluble in cold water and can easily be administered via drinking water or soft food.
Thank you, I found it
Unfortunately still not working
GDR handwork model Old E-locomotive E 95 03 DRG/DR, the locomotive was used in Silesia and Central Germany, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railway ME issue 11/1968, used with traces of play and missing parts see photos, function good, The series E 95 is a heavy freight train electric locomotive of the German Reichsbahn (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal-fired trains in the Silesian network, possibly the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is located in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and we have been refurbished
In 1924, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft commissioned AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive that would be able to transport 2,200-ton coal trains and 530-ton passenger trains at a cruising speed of 45 km/h on this route.
The maximum speed required was 65 km/h.
Thus, the DRG determined in March 1926 about the delivery as 1 "Co + Co1" locomotive with AEG bearing drive with the delivery of the mechanical part, the Siemens Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, the delivery of six locomotives took place, which received the operating numbers E 95 01-06.
All survived the Second World War and then found themselves on the territory of the later GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives arrived in the Soviet Union as reparations.
They returned to Germany until November 1952.
The remanufacturing worthiness of all six locomotives was determined at the Reichsbahn improvement plant in Dessau.
[4] As the reelectrification of the Central German network progressed, an increasing demand for locomotives for heavy freight train service arose. In 1959, the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were refurbished, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts dispensers.
In this case, the E 04, E 44 and E 94, which are present in larger quantities, were first of all preferably constructed.
Only when it was foreseeable with the E 94 that the reprocessing number could not be further increased did the E 95 come into the focus of reprocessing.
[4] Initially, the locomotives were stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren railway depot.
They came to the Halle P railway depot in 1960.
They were used in a separate circulation plan mostly before coal trains from the Geiseltal in the direction of Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
The complicated control of the locomotives proved to be problematic with increasing age.
So it often happened that contactors remained stuck during switching actions.
Then the co-driver on this locomotive had to loosen the shooter again during the journey with a hammer and a wooden wedge.
Damage to the traction motors often occurred and led to months of failures in the locomotive.
[5] Since there were enough new-build locomotives at the end of the 1960s and a significant expansion of electrical operation was not planned at the time, the Reichsbahn was able to dispense with old locomotives and most splinter genera, so that the E 95 were decommissioned.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn wanted to occupy electric locomotives only once, which would have resulted in a problem in train operation due to the aforementioned difficulties with the machines and the visibility conditions of the driver's cab.
[5] After the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were shut down in mid-1969, they were the last to be followed by the E 95 01, which entered service on 5 October 1970.
The intended new designation 255 001 was thus never used.
With the exception of the E 95 02, all locomotives were dismantled.
The E 95 02 was installed as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a turnout heating system on Halle main station.
It took some time before those responsible at the Reichsbahn could be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the first external remanufacturing of the locomotive began with the aim of presenting it at a vehicle show in RAW Dessau.
[5] Since then, it has belonged to the Dresden Transport Museum as a non-operational museum locomotive.
In 1986, the internal completion of the locomotive took place.
In the DB Museum Halle (Saale), the locomotive is supervised by the museum.
Since 1995, employees of the traditional community Bw Hall P have been working on the operational remanufacturing of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive was presented for the first time at an exhibition in the Museum-Bw Arnstadt with new internal and external paintwork, whereby the transformers were checked and five traction motors are operational.
-The locomotives were in use on the Silesian Mountain Railway and the branching branch lines until 1945, where they proved themselves due to their reliable drive and low maintenance.
In February 1945, the machines were transferred to Leipzig to form the Central German network.
The main area of application was initially Silesia
Manual work model H0 in OVP, function good, visual rework on the locomotive in own work is necessary, dusted, with traces of play, cellar smell!!!, very rare manual work model, very small editions - possibly the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and storage traces.
Yes, the F-parts are
I have received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with one part.
The middle beam is held by two feet.. unfortunately these are too narrow and the beam can not be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
I can't build the bed.
The center beam is held by two feet, these are unfortunately incorrectly produced.
The center beam does not fit into the intended holder.
So I get sent new ones.
When will they be sent?
no No flat.
These are, according to the assembly instructions, the right ones from the mold, they were only too narrow
But it doesn't matter.
The main thing is that they fulfill their purpose
With me they are not flat
Could I have these sent to me?
Hello #NAME#, should I explain the problem to you again?
Residential house fire with two slightly injured and high damage
Two people were slightly injured in a fire in a residential building in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, an estimated damage in the six-digit euro area has arisen, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had probably spread from a carport to the adjacent residential building in Kinsau (Landsberg am Lech district).
Two residents were taken to hospital with mild smoke poisoning on Sunday, according to the data.
The exact cause of the fire was not initially known, but the police did not assume a deliberate arson.
The Kripo Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigation.
But then it arrives much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To quell fake news - BioNTech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin posted a photo of his first vaccination in early 2021 on the social network "LinkedIn"
BioNTech CEO Uğur Şahin has not yet publicly commented on his vaccination status.
Now the entrepreneur posted a photo showing his Corona vaccination.
The illness of a friend had moved him, Şahin said.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz-based company BioNTech, Uğur Şahin, has released a photo showing him receiving a vaccination against the coronavirus.
There was misinformation on social media that I was allegedly not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I have received 3 doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine, "Şahin wrote in a post on the" LinkedIn "network on Friday.
"For several months now, friends have been urging me to post a photo of myself getting vaccinated to counter these false rumours."
So far, he has rejected this because the communication should not be about himself.
But a phone call last week changed his mind: "I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is battling severe Covid-19 and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family were not vaccinated, Şahin continued.
He did not ask about the reasons.
"However, the most common cause appears to be anxiety, which is frequently fuelled by misinformation and distrust."
Fear is difficult to fight with facts, sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
An interview with Deutsche Welle circulates on the Internet in which Uğur Şahin says he is not vaccinated.
However, the video was made in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself clarified.
"I am not legally allowed to get the vaccine myself at the moment," Şahin said at the time.
In Germany, there is a prioritization in the verification vaccination of the vaccine.
Meanwhile, the prioritization has long been lifted - and the BioNTech boss has, according to his own information, been vaccinated three times.
Fire in substation: Tens of thousands of people without electricity
In several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia, the lights went out on Friday evening: no more electricity and in many cases probably no heating.
A fire had paralyzed a substation.
After a fire with serious damage in a substation, tens of thousands of people in the Rhine-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia had to do without electricity for around 24 hours.
The fire caused 41,000 affected residents in several municipalities to go out of their lights on Friday evening.
The utility Westnetz reported that on Saturday numerous emergency power generators were in operation until the large-scale fault could finally be completely remedied late in the evening.
Firefighters and helpers of THW provided support in the municipalities.
The authorities offered places of care in schools and called for neighborhood help.
The provider thanked those affected for their patience and the helpers for their efforts.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant restrictions.
We would also like to thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire brigades and THW for their tireless efforts, "said Florian Witt, Head of Primary Technology, in a statement on Saturday evening.
The repair of the damage will take a few more days, as the Westnetz fitters were initially only able to put some lines back into operation provisionally, he explained.
A technical defect led to the fire, according to the company.
Electricity flows again
According to Westnetz, the fire that broke out around 19.15 o'clock on Friday severely damaged parts of the 10 .000 volt switchgear at the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid substation.
There, complex cleaning and repair work is necessary.
In parallel, a connection to a 30,000-volt voltage level was created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply is restored.
Since Saturday 18 o'clock more than 21.000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth would have had electricity again.
Further 20.000 inhabitants of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually switched on from 21.30 o'clock.
Since 23.15 o'clock also those last affected by the failure would have electricity.
More than 80 fitters from Westnetz and partner companies were deployed.
Authorities had also called for neighbourhood help after setting up an emergency power supply for key buildings on Saturday lunchtime.
"It is now important that the citizens take care of elderly or single people in their neighbourhood and inform the local fire brigade equipment houses if help is needed," said District Administrator Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
When setting up and operating emergency power generators, the main focus was on the residents of old people's homes.
In addition, according to authorities, temporary care places have been set up in schools for those people who could not take care of themselves or who need electricity-dependent medical equipment or are dependent on medical care.
Hello!
Unfortunately, the blanket is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay in euros?
It is the bedspread #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you have a nice day and please stay healthy ♡
But I cannot mount the underframe on the table top.
It is Custom #NAME#.
Of these, there are 3 versions.
We wanted those with table tops diameter of #NUMBER#
we got 155cm diameter.
Today my #PRS_ORG# arrived, but I can't push them together and shorten them.
Can you help me with that?
Otherwise I would have to send it back, otherwise it is not suitable for the purpose.
I would be happy to receive feedback
yes this is really easier!
Then let's do it this way!
Do you send me the return form by e-mail?
the repair is now complete.
I had already tried this before the chat.
Before the purchase, however, I had not restarted the E- #PRS_ORG#.
Should I do that now?
Such a low credit I find almost outrageous.
We do not agree with that
Nordic combination: Combiner Riiber wins
The German Nordic combatants Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid sprinted to the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
Once again, the duo had to admit defeat to the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started the cross-country ski run by a large margin after jumping the skis.
Return of order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes, we both made s new and use version 4.5...
could be that you have heard of problems many times
Bought directly with my # PRS_ORG#, a book it seems to be on it too.
If I want to open it comes the message, ups!
This document could not be opened.
File may be incorrect Please contact Customer Service.
As far as I can tell it's a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can you help me?
Chat connection is gone and now?
I have to work in between!
To make the paint application uniform and clean, you should clean the components of dust, grease and fingerprints with a little soapy water, rinse with clear water and dry.
Before you bring the brush to the model for the first time with a new color, it is recommended to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the later no longer visible inside of the components or on a yogurt cup.
The first line on the component
Draw the brush evenly stroke next to stroke.
Slight overlap of the paint layers later ensures a uniform surface.
Avoid swiping quickly back and forth with the brush.
This results in unrealistic surfaces.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the bright colors.
The dark ones might otherwise shine through later.
Metal tones and metallic colors come to the very end with a separate brush.
Otherwise, it can lead to unsightly metal streaks when they mix with normal colors.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before you install them.
True to the original appearance, the models achieve through the decals or decals.
From emblems on airplanes to ship names to trim strips and license plates for car models: The decals give the model the finishing touch.
Attach the decals in the correct order as long as the components are still easy to reach.
An aircraft cockpit can be glued or more easily before it is installed in the fuselage.
Even more important than the right tool such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks are when pasting time, patience and a steady hand.
Cut out each decal you need individually and set it up for you.
Decals are also called water slide images because you briefly moisten their back with water until the carrier paper becomes dark due to the wetness.
Then you slide the picture only a small piece of paper and place the piece on the corresponding place on the model (which you have also moistened before).
While you hold the decal on the model with a tool, you pull the backing paper away sideways.
Caution: Always check first whether the image fits correctly before you push it completely off the paper so that it does not stick to your finger, crease or even tear.
Suction off excess water with a household towel.
Attention not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book briefly as soon as I look for something else then I no longer read the book and have to log out and log in and reload the book and look for the place to where I have read.
ON Saturday I have already communicated with you.
Will I receive this via email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp arrived in 3 individual packages with me
ok nevertheless thank you very much!
then I will buy somewhere else as soon as the money is back.
But will I get that back without any problems?
Fertility treatment at PKV/What is an "insurance claim"?
Hello everyone,
We were in fertility treatment for some time, now when it comes to the settlement with the PKV, it suddenly crosses.
In turn:
We had applied for the fertility course in advance at the PKV and got the promise of 3 attempts.
The tests were not restricted in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to the successful pregnancy and birth and was settled with the PKV.
Some time later we tried to have a second child, and carried out 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but did not yet settle them with the PKV.
We again applied to PKV for reimbursement of costs and were again granted 3 further trials.
After a few more attempts (we have carried out more tests than promised, logically the most expensive with the PKV) we submitted the invoices to the PKV and got the bad surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2 + 3) the PKV wants to reimburse only 3 attempts.
The reason: With the pregnancy/birth, the remaining 2 attempts of the first commitment expire.
The second desire to have children is a new insurance claim.
According to the GTC, however, "The insured event begins with the treatment, it ends when the need for treatment no longer exists."
The questions to the experts in the round here:
* Who is right here, the PKV (only 3 attempts will be refunded) or us (there are 5 attempts to refund)?
* Should the PKV have pointed out to us in the commitments that with one birth the further attempts lapse?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance claim?
The infertility (caused by closed fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts here would give your opinion.
Thank you very much for your help!
Can you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how I can best reach them again
OK.
We will not order anything from them anymore.
If they add up the sales of me and my friend #NAME# (same address), they obviously lost good customer.
They are welcome to forward this to their manager.
This is not competitive.
Yesterday the colleague said to me that the repayment was arranged and now you tell me that I first have to send the thing back.
I can't help the fact that the dresser arrives completely disturbed
Please see in the screenshot what the colleague has written
It says clearly that the refund was initiated and I still have not received a refund via #PRS_ORG#
You can tell your manager that they have now lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered various furniture for our apartment via his account.
We will no longer do that.
No, the defect only occurred after a few months.
An office chair must withstand normal use.
Otherwise, they are not allowed to sell it as an office chair.
Regardless, the warranty of 24 months applies.
No, it is not possible for me to procure another type of packaging.
I will be able to dismantle the cabinet and make it available to the transport company.
Hello, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG#
These products are advertised with additional stools to be purchased, but unfortunately we can not find them with you.
Can they help?
Theme of the Week: The Best Low Budget Movies
What a low-budget film is exactly, there is no general definition for it with exact budget limits.
Wikipedia has the following to say:
> A * * low-budget film * * or * * low-budget movie * * is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
On the net you can find plenty of lists of low-budget movies, such as on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know interesting representatives of this category?
What attracts you to it?
And what do you not like at all?
I am a very good customer of you, have already 2 apartments completely furnished with your furniture.
Wanted to ask the best price for the grey leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is this now also reliable?
Thank you very much
Yours sincerely
If there is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30min is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes at the waiting position... I will soon give up again, because it just does not work here.
Hello
"Half victory" against Belarus comes at high cost to EU
According to political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can announce a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
But the costs are very high and meant massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees at Belarus "border with Poland and Lithuania, Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
According to the researcher of the Berlin Foundation for Science and Politics (SWP), the EU has not resolved the confrontation in a sustainable way.
This state of limbo - Belarus does not concede very small, but the EU feels as a winner - probably goes on for a while.
Dealing with people at the border is not in line with the European Convention on Human Rights, Bossong ruled.
Apparently, there is an "increasing normalization of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole is not resolutely opposed, this is at the expense of fundamental rights.
This development also weakens cohesion in the Union.
"It obviously cannot prevail if a member state gets into its head to do its thing," as currently Poland, which does not even allow the EU border agency Frontex access to the border.
In addition, the EU is paying another price for its policy on the border with Belarus, Bossong said: A fundamental agreement on asylum policy is made more difficult, as the line "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Another attempt to cross the border
Meanwhile, according to Poland's border guard, migrants have again tried to cross into Polish territory via Belarus.
55 migrants were arrested on Sunday night and returned to the border, a spokeswoman for the agency said on Sunday.
The Polish officials were pelted with stones by the migrants in the incident not far from the town of Czeremsza.
According to the information, a soldier was hit in the face and had to be medically treated by a military doctor.
In total, Border Patrol registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
Already on Friday evening, a group of 28 migrants had overcome the border barriers.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan had crossed or tried to cross the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko, as a leader in Minsk, of having lured it with the prospect of entering the EU.
Poland and Lithuania sealed off border sections, according to press reports.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU Commissioners traveled to people's countries of origin to prevent departures.
The most impactful element of the EU response is the pressure on airlines, Bossong said.
"That's where the EU has thrown its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with tough bandages and extraterritorial sanctions."
Minsk must also take into account domestic political costs.
Belarusian society is probably not prepared for the security apparatus to regularly smuggle thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes protest after controversial Formula One final
Max Verstappen allegedly committed two rule breaks during the race, according to Mercedes.
Abu Dhabi - Following Abu Dhabi's controversial Formula One final, Mercedes have appealed.
The Silver Arrows suspect two rule breaks in the last Grand Prix of the year.
One protest relates to a supposed breach by Max Verstappen at the Red Bull in the final safety car stage when he is said to have overhauled irregularly.
A second objection was lodged against the standings at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not followed in accordance with the rules.
Verstappen had still overtaken Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the final lap and had raced to his first Formula One title.
The manoeuvre took place shortly after the end of a safety car phase in which the Dutchman had overtaken cars driving in front of him.
I'll check it out.
I talk to the bank and report back to you
Thanks for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park organizes SC-Freiburg-Fantag
Europa-Park, the eponym for the Europa-Park Stadium of the Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited to the SC Freiburg Fantag.
According to the park, members and season ticket holders of the sports club from Breisgau as well as members of the fan community were allowed to visit Europa-Park for free on this day.
In addition, there were vouchers for drinks and sausage.
The rollercoaster trains shone through the jerseys red and white that day.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop, "the park said.
The cooperation between the Bundesliga club and the amusement park located in Rust, 40 kilometres north of Freiburg, has been in place since the early 1990s.
At the first SC Freiburg Fantag in Europa-Park, it was again shown how well the partnership fits.
Seeing radiant fans having fun together on the roller coaster confirms this, "says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
why is the € #NUMBER# and not like Originally 1699 €?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen did it.
The Dutchman takes his first World Championship title in the Red Bull in his seventh year in Formula 1.
His way to the summit of the premier class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen gambles away the World Kart Championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen leaves him standing angrily at a petrol station on the return journey.
His mother Sophie Kumpen collects the teenager in the trailing car.
2014, England: The junior team of Red Bull gets promising offspring in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old follows in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
At the time, he continued to drive in the European Formula 3 for the time being.
2015, Australia: Verstappen becomes the youngest driver in history to compete in a Grand Prix at the age of 17 years and 166 days.
Due to a defect, he has to park his Toro Rosso early in Melbourne.
2015, Malaysia: At 17 years and 180 days, the then Toro Rosso driver Verstappen is also the youngest racing driver to score 1 points in Formula One.
Verstappen ranks seventh in Sepang at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
2016, Spain: Verstappen wins in his first race for Red Bull.
At 18 years and 228 days, he is sensationally the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history at Barcelona.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen makes his pole debut in Budapest - the youngest he is not.
At 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
At the age of 24, Verstappen celebrates his first World Championship title at the Formula 1 final in Abu Dhabi - with an overtaking manoeuvre against Hamilton in the final lap. DPA
I had a lot of trouble with you back then when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# dresser.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim"
As part of the reading series "LiteraTour Nord," author Judith Hermann read from her current novel "Daheim" in the sold-out Blue Note on Friday and also acted as moderator.
She is divorced, lives in a house on the coast and listens sensitively to the nocturnal sounds at her front door.
I gave up the contact form yesterday to return an item but did not receive email confirmation or anything like that.
My question would be whether my question has been received.
Not everyone has the time for your crazy chat and incorrectly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake you fix and not all from our household.
Contact Ms #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day
We had chatted yesterday and agreed that I or Mrs #NAME# will receive an email with a 60 Euro voucher, a new order of the #PRS_ORG# bedside table and a return label.
This email did not come so far.
The package would like to bring to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
Yours sincerely
The LokSound 5 decoder can play up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bits/31250 kHz and finally offers hi-fi quality on your system.
There is practically no difference to the original audible anymore.
A Class-D audio output stage with up to 3W output power drives the loudspeakers, which may have between 4 ohms and 32 ohms impedance.
The huge 128 Mbit sound memory provides enough capacity.
All individual noises can be individually adjusted in volume.
The super-flexible sound engine without a rigid flow chart allows the model-accurate simulation of all conceivable rail vehicles.
Three separately adjustable braking functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry but just because he says he's not an anti-Semite doesn't mean anything.
It's like when an afdler says he has nothing against foreigners.
Neither of them will admit it to their i.
But Kollegah constantly reproduces any anti-Semitic messages.
If you want to distance yourself then you should just leave that completely.
Yes wow then you are as little serious as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions evolution in principle is simply completely solved.
Because of me, one God got the whole thing going.
But once you're creationist, you have to believe that the Earth is 10,000 years old and science is just tapping nonsense.
And that makes you an enemy of science and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah
To obtain an optimal field of view, the magnifying glass should be approached as close as possible to the eye.
The specially aplanatic-achromatic lens system allows you to use the magnifying glass practically free of distortion and color errors into the edge zone.
Magnifiers are often marked with magnification information.
However, this information only applies to precisely defined conditions, which rarely correspond to the conditions of use.
In order to be able to use your magnifying glass optimally, we ask you to observe the instructions in the table "Technical data" (See instructions for use in the packaging).
Light reflections are produced on the lens surfaces of all optical devices, including impact magnifiers.
These reflections are significantly reduced by an antireflection coating.
While maintaining the optimal conditions of use - magnifying glass close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the enclosed instructions for use (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Magnifier Magnifier Magnifier Magnifier Pocket Magnifier Reading Magnifier Reading Aid
Whether as a reading aid on the go or simply for everyday little things: the Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And its hard layer makes it robust against special strains in the old day.
Each magnifying glass includes a cheque card cover for storage and safe transport.
They bid on these parts, which you can see in the pictures or under "On what do you bid" is described.
In what condition is the offered item?
Of course, everyone can overlook something, because no person is free from mistakes - should this be the case, simply write a message and it will be clarified to full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial repayment or complete repayment).
You will be issued a proper invoice.
Shipped is always, if not expressly requested otherwise by the buyer, insured with shipment number by DHL!
The individual shipping costs can be found in the above shipping conditions.
There are no further handling costs.
ok say all uthorized, how can I check more closely?
yes both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do very nice and good service, although it took until you came to a person, you were great
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# Team,
I have already contacted you under the customer contact number #PHONENUMBER#.
Yeah, but it said before.
You can't deliver from England because of #PRS_ORG#.
Fir sale in Schönwolde: In the municipality of Krembz, women choose the Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has already experienced many a curious situation when selling fir trees.
Once a man is said to have driven home even without his partner, because both could not agree.
Every year he plants a good 2000 pieces.
The 56-year-old has already experienced many a curious situation.
That always makes the run-up to Christmas a bit funny, he says.
What about the voucher??
Otherwise I am gone as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and now paid the full price for it.
Then I will evaluate this accordingly!
We don't need to have any discussions here about the better dish, but there is some similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat that is grilled on a spinning skewer.
And both therefore have their names.
In German, an equivalent would perhaps be something like the "Dreher," which sounds far from so delicious.
Problems with Fiber + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have a new fiber optic connection in the house for a few weeks.
Unfortunately, I now have problems to build a stable Wifi network.
Before I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which received and sent out 50 Mbit flawlessly except for a few failures.
The new fiber optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and these also arrive at the DLan module, which is connected to the FritzBox.
However, at the other DLan module, which emits the Wifi, no longer the full 500 arrive, but the further I move in the house with the module, the less arrives (so use a socket, which is located 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms from the other module).
As a result, the Internet with the new fiber optic connection is now even slower on the first floor than before (\ ~ 45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic set, which apparently uses a new technology.
This was slightly better than the DLan, but there were similarly large losses here as well.
Could someone explain to me why so much Internet speed is "lost" via the power line with fiber optics?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely expensive to lay LAN cables in the house.
I am really desperate, which is why I have created an account here.
That is why I would be all the more pleased about an answer.
When it's time to change the current account
Who would have thought, now would be quiet at the current accounts, is mistaken.
While many banks have used the autumn to have their customers confirm the fee increases of the past with all sorts of tricks, the allowances for negative interest rates continue to fall.
Deutsche Bank, for example, was long considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she has cut the allowance in half and even quartered it for the daily allowance.
In a first step, the limit was lowered only for customers of the Group's Postbank division - to EUR 50.000 for current and investment accounts and to EUR 25 .000 for overnight deposit accounts.
Meanwhile, however, these lower allowances apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesman confirmed on request.
Not only for new contracts, but also for "newly concluded individual agreements with existing customers."
Commerzbank had already gone down to a limit of 50,000 euros, which still applies, as with ING Germany.
The direct bank DKB, which is particularly popular with cost-conscious customers, has reduced the allowances in two stages, initially to 50,000 euros, and now to 25,000 euros.
After all, more than 100 banks now have an allowance of 25,000 euros or less, according to figures from the Internet portal Verivox.
Sparda-Bank Berlin has also arrived at 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the consumer centers, which in the first instance before the Regional Court of Berlin even got right against this regulation.
Now the banks are already discussing whether the institutions should possibly form provisions - in the event that the upper authorities also declare the negative interest rates inadmissible in principle and many millions of bank customers have to be repaid.
The table top for 8 people instead of the one for 6 people was delivered.
The underframe is the one for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs an entire beauty army
She is now officially at the helm of Hollywood.
But her life resembles an uphill and downhill ride.
Jennifer Aniston, 52, was named the Most Influential Woman of the Year by The Hollywood Reporter.
For her, who made a splash in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show," this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and work.
Their appearance is taken care of by a whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers.
After all, according to Aniston, they treat themselves to one chip a day (yes, correctly read: a SINGLE chip from the bag).
The fact that the hearts of the female and male fans still fly to her is actually a miracle.
Perhaps because she is simply unlucky with happiness - and still looking for great love.
And removed the baby's wish from the list.
Before that, she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
That hurt her.
The people who asked this have no idea what's going on with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
It remains to be hoped that success and fame will also make you happy.
Unworthy end of a career: Räikkönen has to give up
Kimi Räikkönen's departure from Formula 1 was even quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a slight gang touch, Räikkönen had to park his Alfa Romeo after less than half the race distance at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, the "Iceman" ended his career in the premier motorsport class.
His wife Minttu and the two children had also travelled to the United Arab Emirates to say goodbye.
Räikkönen's greatest success was winning the 2007 World Championship in a Ferrari.
He managed 21 Grand Prix victories, started 18 times from pole and finished on the podium 103 times. DPA
Friedrich fetches 60. World Cup victory - Nolte wins in two-man bobsleigh - Sport
The brand of the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the goal of the bobsleigh pilot.
"I have calculated this once, I would have to take nine and a half wins per season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who recorded two successes in two days at the races in Winterberg.
First, he fended off Johannes Lochner's attack by five hundredths on Saturday, in which he went from third to first place.
Then he changed something about the material setting and drove out on Sunday with 0.30 seconds a bigger lead.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle) he prevailed over the British Brad Hall.
Third was the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
"We took a bigger risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also recorded his 22nd win in a row.
The Berchtesgaden driver Johannes Lochner, who was driving for Stuttgart, came in fifth this time after finishing second.
Christoph Hafer from BC Bad Feilnbach finished eighth after finishing fourth in the first race.
"If I knew what he was doing differently, I would do it the same way," Lochner said.
Nolte with home win - podium for Jamanka
In the women's race, Laura Nolte took her third victory of the season in the bobsleigh of two on her home track.
After it was only enough for fourth place in the Monobob the day before, she raced to the World Cup victory on Sunday in the German triple success with pusher Deborah Levi.
Two-man bobsleigh Olympic champion Mariama Jamanka from BRC Thüringen came in second with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
She posted her first podium finish this winter alongside her Olympic qualifier.
Wiesbaden's Kim Kalicki finished third with Leonie Fiebig.
For me it was supercool, first podium finish in the World Cup, I'm superhappy that Mariama takes me.
I am super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the start times today were okay, "said Burghardt and emphasized:" It is not only pushing, but there is also a lot to do around it. "
Jamanka was a little annoyed about the not quite flawless rides, but said: "It's going in the right direction."
I already had the blanket in my shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I just did not receive it and therefore could not redeem why I finally asked.
Due to Corona, I had completely different problems last year and never had time for it.
And now it was said he had expired which annoys me very much.
Look into the chat it was about the Asare bench seat.
I would like to return it and then order it again as it is currently reduced:)
Why is shipping not started until 16.3?
There was nothing of such a long delivery time on your website
No only when I tap on it comes an extra field with the message
Was accepted by your colleague yesterday.
Why is this a problem today
I also sent you pictures of the mis-delivered goods.
But we still want the shelf module, just a new undamaged
And do not cancel the whole order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
Hello dear great girls and girls and women,
I have some things I just want to write and maybe it goes one - or another so...
I am 24, have kPTSD, full-time student and dog mom - apart from the fact that my dog does not scream or go to kindergarten, he is actually 1 to 1 my child.
My friend (since 6J together) is ill, got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
Yesterday I visited him because I also have emotional needs and because I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him take a shower (because Hand is in the dressing due to burning).
On top of that, it is chilled and we currently see each other less (1-2x week) which bothers me a lot with my needs for affection and love.
My dog child just has a stomach ache, I cooked for him and now he lies in his cuddly blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there with the heat lamp and stroking for him.
I live alone with my sister and my mother, and she's just gone for a month.
Now there is also housework coming up to us, which we of course divide up.
But cooking myself is a lot of work for me right now...
My PTSD disease is currently quite well adjusted, I am halfway well treated and coping.
Not good, but I can cope and I'm almost symptom-free.
My university just demands a lot (for me), tomorrow at 15h I have a written test for which I have not done anything yet and the day after tomorrow anatomy hour for which I should at least prepare something.
And next week I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes then is in my calendar and not in my head because there is no more space.
So my week goes like this: Only until the day after tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But after that, the whole thing goes on?
Only until his birthday.
Only until the start of the holiday.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it continues forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need these mental cues, because otherwise I'll pack the ned.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic," but otherwise I can not do it...
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I'm infinitely grateful that I don't have to work.
Truly infinitely grateful, I can't put that into words.
Don't know if I would have survived my kptbs otherwise.
I think this also has a lot to do with the mental load of women and that's why I thought that I would certainly find fellow sufferers here...
I wish you in any case still a relaxing evening, the week is almost done!
I got my order today unfortunately all the other color plus surface is scratched and table leg has imprint.
On the first delivery, the color was exactly like on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
If we change the table now, I'll get another color or how?
The cancellation email was sent on 26.12. #NUMBER#.
By the way, twice.
But it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I found out at school that many religious teachers do not believe in God and it is just another subject for them like math or geography.
For me it was always a bit strange, maybe also because I was raised Christian and I always believed somehow.
How do you feel about that?
Maybe you can also tell about work and or study colleagues with different attitudes.
Basically, I understand the difference between private and professional and it makes sense to separate.
There is also a curriculum, etc.
But it would also be strange to have a physics teacher who does not believe in the theory of relativity.
What then makes you want to teach religion if you don't believe it?
Preserve culture or something?
Hope you question is not too private.
Can it not be changed or not? Like to write in English that I also understand well
This has been a very long time, then I would refrain from
All right, thanks.
I expect a response soon, by the beginning of next week at the latest.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Film search Help please
Hello dear people,
I'm looking for a film from my childhood (am 24).
I think it was a film for young people.
There are two timelines (or parallel worlds) in the film.
On the one hand, modernity (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the realm of the dead) (not quite certain).
Since I can't describe it in more detail in the real world anyway, there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead a young soldier (uniform similar to those of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason, the paths cross and an action arises.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman into this realm in order to be able to live for himself, I think.
I think the transition is also the burial place of the soldier.
In the end, I think both soldiers are fighting each other.
If that tells you anything, I am grateful for every answer.
Our little one only slept on her stomach from week 1.
Fast forward: still alive: D
Relax. Relax.
Such a child can stand much more than you think.
Make sure everything around it is right, no cuddly toys, go in and look more often, but no minutes of surveillance.
That makes you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Achso and ours had no sleeping bag, but always a blanket.
Watch your child sleep.
Does it turn its head to the side?
Can it straighten up from the stomach?
Or is it face first Directly in the mattress?
From this you can deduce whether everything is in order.
We also all grew up and when my husband was born, it was eg gang and would be that you put the kids on the stomach to sleep.
In addition, we are already "regular customer" with you and have already bought a lot of items
Then why are you offering me 20EUR?
Hello, I already wrote yesterday with a colleague of yours and so far no feedback.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived the day before yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer does not fit in the closet.
Please contact me as soon as possible.
The cabinet is currently not to be used.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV has promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself, not everything can be held.
And I had a lot of fun with RBTV too.
But it is simply the case that the politics of this station are now under all sow.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then go on a big begging tour at the same time.
It was said that one is an "independent" Internet broadcaster.
Quote Arno: One wanted to "not be a running Litfass column."
What are you now?
An 0815 commercial broadcaster trying to get his BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's Do's & Don'ts.
Which, of course, apply to everyone except Simon and Etienne.
Of course, they can continue to insult people.
A Krogmann who lacks empathy and tries to make ashes at the expense of the action with the exploded rented rooms.
How can you find all this good?
Great if you like it, I think it's terrible.
I ask for a recall, because my delivered wooden table was delivered defective.
Broken body due to damaged delivery of the # PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a comforter for abdominal pain or just for cuddling - My little warmth friend is versatile.
Cherry kernel cushions are a traditional home remedy for soothing heat applications, as cherry kernels can absorb heat very well and release it again in a dosed manner.
The removable inner cushion can be easily heated in the microwave or oven.
The soft cover makes the application particularly pleasant, so that the little ones feel safe, even if they are not doing so well.
The cherry core cushion with cover is suitable as a heat pad exclusively for the following areas of application:
Before heating the pillow, check for atypical odor, stick or burn stains and dispose of immediately if present.
Please take the inner cushion out of the cover beforehand to warm it up!
Heat in the microwave at a maximum of 300 watts for a maximum of 2 minutes (observe the information provided by the microwave manufacturer!)
Immediately after heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking!
Then put the inner cushion back in the cover.
During the first heating, there may be a slight formation of moisture on the surface, but this disappears in repeated applications.
Be sure to adhere to the indicated heating instructions, as longer times or higher energy outputs can lead to damage (ignition and combustion risk!).
Before heating the pillow in the microwave, check that heating of grain products is allowed in the manufacturer's instructions for use.
After the heated inner cushion has been placed back in the cover, please check the temperature of the cushion for suitability for babies (max. 43 ° C) on your crook of the arm!
Do not use the pillow in acute and chronic, inflammatory or feverish diseases, circulatory problems, fresh hematomas, bruising and open wounds, as well as in people with reduced pain sensation.
For existing skin, heart, veins, diabetes or tumor diseases as well as pregnancy, please contact a doctor before use.
If seams have opened and loose cores emerge, dispose of the product and the loose cores immediately and inaccessible to children.
If the product is used in babies under 1 year of age, the temperature of the child should be checked regularly during use to exclude overheating!
All serious incidents related to the device shall be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country where the user is established.
The cover is removable and washable at 30 ° C in the machine.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt second after Hinserie - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 is working its way out of the table.
For Ingolstadt, it does not work under the third coach.
Jubilation in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top flight, joy in Hanover over interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the failed debut under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Last night my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was no longer charged by my power supply.
I bought this new about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought power supply alone was enough for operation.
Incorrect display, the battery is empty and the laptop no longer starts despite the power supply being plugged in.
Then I removed the battery, but nothing happens here either.
Vllt do you have ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in mains operation?
Is there something else broken?
Thank you for your help!
I want the delivery of the #PRS_ORG# to the room.
How can I book this?
I'm interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
But don't know how high the seat is.....
Often on tour and still a lot of equipment?
No problem with the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design!
20 litres capacity also swallow larger photo equipments without problems, which can be safely stowed with the help of the padded FlexFold dividers.
And what else you need in everyday objects remains well organized and separable from the photo equipment thanks to practical accesses in the individually configurable interior.
With the "update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The chic, minimalist design has it all - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack while still providing access to photo equipment in seconds.
This works with two possibilities: Once conventionally via the lid flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch closure system, an excellently thought-out solution for effective protection, which has already proven itself with the Messenger Bags.
A metal closure hook with matching anchor beams on the front of the backpack is located in the closure flap.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different "levels": there are 4 anchor beams, stably riveted, in which the locking hook can be hooked.
If the backpack is fully loaded, you simply take the top bar, it is rather empty, a deeper one.
The flap closure and hook are also magnetic.
Thus, the backpack can also be reliably closed without latching the hook.
The second option also fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other photo backpacks: In addition to the lid flap, there is a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest drawback of conventional backpacks with access from above - you no longer have to dig through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail increases the suitability of the backpack for everyday use enormously: If you take not only your photo equipment, but also everyday objects or luggage with you.
In the Everyday Backpack, you can configure the interior individually (more on this below) and easily store both separately from each other - and access it independently through the two side openings.
So you can also pull the backpack from the right side in front of the body, for example, to access the camera equipment in the right main compartment, while the everyday things remain safely in the left backpack half and do not come in between.
Comfortable, easily adjustable carrying straps help.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made entirely of 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents will remain dry even if it is due to go to Scotland in the autumn.
Unfortunately, I wait in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME# yesterday sent me an email confirming the assignment of the
Contact announced by the forwarding company for the collection of the incorrectly delivered table.
So far I have not received a message.
I ask for immediate processing.
I am now already writing with the third support employee, with none I came further than the promise that I will receive an e-mail as confirmation.
This is the return of the incorrectly delivered Custom #NAME#
It is foreseeable when the cabinet could be delivered again?
Keeping him like this is not an option for me...
It works.
Thank you very much for the help
Wish you a nice evening
Hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. When will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was on 12.1.21.
I was supplied with a completely different lamp than I ordered
Please call me
If you extend the voucher, then I will immediately place a larger order, but at least I kept the damaged piece of furniture and did not send it back.
And that the past year went differently than expected, I could not have guessed and just could not redeem and clarify it in a timely manner.
But I have the damage as a customer and I do not accept that.
Rotinger brake discs are designed to meet the demands of the dynamic driver, who appreciates reliability and safety when braking even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are made of cast iron and then mechanically machined (drilled and cut).
All tuned discs are produced in short series according to individual technical characteristics, which are peculiar to certain discs and samples.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing, a special production program is created, which, with the balancing of the pane, is based on the characteristics of the original assembly.
The tuned discs produced in this way ensure high comfort and braking efficiency.
Additionally created openings increase the effectiveness of cooling the disc, the incisions improving the cleaning of the brake discs and brake pads.
Aesthetic properties of our tuned windows underline the character of every car through their attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man at the southern fork of the American River discovered glowing chunks in the water.
Although he tried to keep his discovery a secret, the news quickly spread, triggering the so-called "California Gold Rush" of "49.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest growing and thriving cities in the country.
Areas were staked out, tents pitched, and saloons and hotels were created almost overnight.
Everyone wanted their share of the country's wealth.
For many it was: "Coloma or Bust" (Coloma or bankruptcy)!
In this game, you are a pioneer who seeks wealth in the West and wants to make a name for himself.
You will search for gold, recruit workers, gather horses and build businesses.
You will also get the opportunity to explore the surrounding rivers and adjacent areas.
You are not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You have to surpass your fellow pioneers to avoid going bust with the rest of them.
Coloma is a quick strategy game with many paths to victory.
You simultaneously choose your actions, have to budget with your resources and build a tableau that is more and more "working" for you (so-called "engine building").
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, get additional actions, or turn rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge plates, you can develop your individual playing style with the help of fine adjustments.
Coloma is set over a three-year period from 1848 (the year the gold was discovered at Coloma), through 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) to 1850 (the year California gained official statehood).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players will secretly and simultaneously select a location on the roster where they can perform actions.
After that, their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers at the appropriate locations.
If a location has the most pioneers, it will receive a lock!
This deactivates one half of the site - reducing the possible actions there.
Then players take turns performing actions such as gaining resources, moving carts, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening stores, and positioning gunslingers.
When all actions are completed, the pioneers return.
The promoter turns to a new location at the beginning of each round, changing the available actions.
This continues until the promoter has moved five times, i.e. has covered each location once and the year ends.
There is a shooting in which the players have to defend Coloma from a raid by angry bandits.
If the players have contributed enough gunslingers and outnumber the bandits, they will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they will receive lesser rewards or end up in the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shootout, then the final score.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free shipping I take up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm the shipping method, consignment of goods (games lined).
With everything else mostly DPD insured and with shipment tracking (games lined, wrapped with flies and wrapping paper).
If you are a collector then I can also ship cardboard in cardboard for an extra charge of 2 euros, which comes 100% to no pressure marks.
"Why Children Are Not Tyrants" Documentary, ARD Media Library
CW psychological violence, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentary popped up on my Twitter timeline today, and I watched it right away.
> The child psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a welcome guest on talk shows and gives lectures throughout Europe.
With his book "Why Our Children Become Tyrants" (2008), he sparked a fierce educational debate.
Former patients and legal guardians are now making serious allegations against him.
Please take care, the film is hard to bear.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
We parents and other responsible persons must never, never, never! to go to power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child freedom for his development and to make the frame for the child as large as it makes sense and possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shaking.
Holetschek: Countries deliberate on removal of testing requirement for triple vaccinated
The health ministers of the countries want to decide at their next meeting on a nationwide elimination of the testing requirement for triple vaccinated.
"We countries need clarity quickly on whether and from when the testing requirement can be dispensed with for three times vaccinated people," Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Health Ministers "Conference, told" Bild am Sonntag. "
Eliminating 2G plus for the triple-vaccinated is "not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional vaccination incentive," Holetschek said.
Federal Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised "that he will make a proposal to the Conference of Health Ministers next Tuesday." − afp
So I want to send the lamp back
How do I best proceed?
Hello, I find the #PRS_ORG# chair very nice, but I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me?
I can no longer process a purchase via my #PRS_ORG#.
Display: Ups, an error has occurred.
Purchasing via the #PRS_ORG# page on the computer.
I have updated my account details.
What could be the reason for this?
What you describe is called * awareness *, meaning sensory perceptions under general anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of about 1 in 1000.
Most often it comes to the hearing of sounds/voices, less often to the seeing of images and most rarely to the perception of pain.
Relevant for this topic: Caesarean sections are operations that are associated with an increased rate of awareness, since very deep anesthesia is avoided for the protection of the child up to the time of unbuttoning.
Previous episodes of Awareness should be mentioned at the anesthesia audition.
Certain anesthesia procedures, such as total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA), are associated with a slightly increased risk.
* * EDIT: Dear everyone, this comment from me describes Awareness correctly, but * * u/Nitemarex * * by definition had none.
Misread her comment.
But the chair is defective.
Unfortunately, the 20 € will not help us.
These are statutory warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be that they take back the defective chair.
In addition to the legal obligation, this is also standard in the area of eCommerce.
Please check again if you at least take back the defective chair.
We then sell the second chair privately.
We're also losing a lot of money.
I have already sent you an e-mail that you have not answered.
Again, the question.
In the order and on the invoice it says that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The carrier is company #NAME#.
I just called there.
I was told that they only deliver to the doorstep - because of # PRS_ORG#.
Is that so?
If so, I have to cancel the order as I don't know any person who can carry the heavy furniture to the first floor.
am I not being called?
I had formulated a question
Theatre historian Günther Rühle dies at 97
He has distinguished himself as a theatre critic and as an artistic director.
He later wrote a monumental theatrical history.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
There is still the new book on the table, fresh from the press: "An old man is getting older."
The harrowing diarium of a slow farewell to the world led by theatre historian and journalist Günther Rühle until April 2021.
And in the middle of reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book is: "I already testify to my life's intention here."
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common are Euro pallets, standardized wooden pallets, which are mainly used in Europe as load carriers.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to Statistics Austria, more than ten million pallets were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was a good 79 million euros.
How many pallets are imported into Austria annually is not collected
New York takes MLS Championship for the first time
New York City FC has won the Major League Soccer title for the first time.
After losing 1-1 in regular time to host Portland Timbers, the Eastern Conference team decided the final in the penalty shootout 4-2.
In the final of the Eastern Conference, New York had prevailed against Philadelphia Union, the team of the German Kai Wagner.
Roulades Tips & Tricks
I had received a lot of great tips for the perfect goulash here a week ago.
That was there for Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and buttery!
So thanks again for that:)
Now I have come to the taste and would like to cook roulades for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will set up a cattle fund for this.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a large pot.
What's next?
What about the books or how do I get them back on my # PRS_ORG#?
My English is not so good anymore, but I can do that
IEs is about a refund of € #NUMBER#
I have already been informed by e-mail on 18.01 that the refund has been made.
But to this day I have not received the money.
Would you please check there.
Where there is still Christmas roast in the Lübeck area
For many people, goose or duck is one of the Christmas days like the Christmas tree and the gifts.
You haven't got any poultry yet?
Now time is running out.
We will tell you where you can get a Christmas roast in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube output stage contributes significantly to the warmth and fat content of the guitar amplifier sound.
These features are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controls, you can set the desired level on the one hand and the distortion content of your sounds on the other hand.
Furthermore, the amplifiers of the VT + series offer a unique POWER LEVEL controller, with which you can reduce the sound level without changing anything about the "gain" and the distortion.
Further up, it sounded already that you can even make a power reserve with the POWER LEVEL controller when it is outrageously loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL controller, the entire potential of the VT + series can be used in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line output.
The signal present here is processed with a box simulation, so that you get an eminently "acoustic" sound impression even when using a headphone or during direct recordings.
A CD or MP3 player can be connected to the AUX jack so you can jam to your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also buy a VFS5 foot switch, you can also call up the sounds comfortably by foot, switch the effect blocks on/off and "tap" the tempo of the compatible effects.
This is actually indispensable for live use.
With its new powerhouses, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But had seen it in others like that.
Is it then possible to send the lamp back to you?
Since she hangs too low for over a dining table?
Well, I'd like to send them back then.
Can you help me with that?
And the dresser?
Will we receive another update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
If it does not work, I would also be satisfied with a discount or voucher.
I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Only over 1,000 euros for goods that I do not need are then a bit much.
I have just received my delivery and would have liked to know if screws were intended as part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) to the designated hook.
This is not a satisfactory answer and the wait has not been worth it
Is there a premium customer status with you?
Iran sees progress in negotiations on nuclear deal
Progress is emerging in negotiations to revive the international nuclear deal, according to Iranian figures.
"Both sides are on the verge of agreeing on the issues that are supposed to be on the agenda," Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri told Irna news agency on Sunday.
This was a "positive and important development," because initially there was not even agreement on the topics to be negotiated.
The agreement is intended to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks to revitalize the agreement had continued after a one-week interruption.
Negotiators from Iran, Germany, Great Britain, China, France and Russia are taking part in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also present in Vienna, but only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now state with highest Corona incidence
Thuringia has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest incidence nationwide.
As the only federal state, the value is above the mark of 1000.
Thuringia was the only state to be above the 1000 mark in the corona incidence on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day figure with 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which had always had the highest incidence nationwide, this value was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia had fallen slightly, but had also been above the value of 1000.
In Thuringia, 2242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 other deaths related to infection were reported within one day.
200 seriously ill with Covid-19 received intensive care in hospitals on Sunday.
There may be reporting delays on weekends.
In addition, the health authorities have been overburdened for weeks and are barely able to keep up with the recording of new cases.
I understand that.
Since delivery is not until early March, it may be possible by then.
I have to print that out and stick it on the package and drop it off at the post office, that's it, isn't it?
here I do not have to click/specify/fill in anything else?
That's exactly what I want to avoid, that's why I'm writing to you.
I would like to take over the return at your own expense.
8 euro return fee is in my eyes a cheekiness.
It's time for change
# # # MBundestag greet me, I am u/StratorDE in the Chamber in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
# Why the post here?
If you look at the activity in the past months of the MBundestag, you can see one thing: It is not extistent.
We got into a winter stare and extended the summer hole to a few months.
# What is the problem?
Yeah, what was the point?
For the most part, this should simply be related to the dissatisfaction, how some things have happened here and how we generally stand.
In the last few days, the impression has become increasingly apparent that many here are still really looking forward to the MBundestag.
# What we need to change
At this point, the community around the MBundestag is in demand, which wants to keep it alive.
The impetus came from u/edizVEVO, who has become aware of this project in recent days and has found, simply put, a pile of fragments.
After some back and forth writing, several people from the community have found themselves who want to rebuild the project.
However, I would also like to once again expressly call on everyone to participate, only in this way can this project continue to exist in the future.
For this purpose, we have created a discussion platform in the form of a disc server on which we can exchange ideas and work out concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Objectives:
* How should MBundestag work in the future?
* Which existing orders need to be changed/adapted/removed?
* How should we present ourselves to the outside world in the future?
* How should new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair electoral system?
I'm pretty sure I forgot a few things, but that's not bad, we have the Discord at the end.
If you have the desire and the time, come to the Discord, work with us and let us decide democratically about the future.
I have ordered a lampshade from you that is still being delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/clunky for this and not suitable for my taste.
For this I have already ordered another suspension from you.
I put it together and then noticed this as I took the soft foam.
Very sad about it.
I hope this is returned and I have a full refund.
This is also quite sad as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have another question: the bedspread # PRS_ORG#, is it also available in oversize, so in 240/240 for example?
#PRS_ORG# must be able to guarantee that the faulty cabinet will be picked up promptly.
And I ask you to arrange that now.
I do not have a suitable packaging, but I will remove the cabinet as far as possible for collection - you have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how this can work.
#PRS_ORG# can contact me by phone at any time to arrange a pickup.
Is there a manual for the assembly?
How long would I have time to get them or to decide on the return?
How do you answer the question why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I like.
She herself has lived vegetarian for a while, currently probably also eats meat very rarely.
I myself was a vegetarian for a few years before.
When asked if I have always wanted to be vegan, and vegetarianism was a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without much thought.
And that I thought for a long time that as a vegetarian I would support animal welfare, but at some point reflected and understood that I ultimately also support animal cruelty.
Hence my decision to go vegan.
At that moment I had the impression that on her side resentment arose, she then defended vegetarianism and said she knew where her meat came from and as a vegetarian you reduce animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer was to "plump"?
How do you answer the question?
Have the feeling that as a vegan you are quickly put in a corner and conflicts arise, without which you would put it on it.
It greets a harmony-loving vegan (;
It is clearly not an exception according to § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not release you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I am not on site on the assigned date when #PRS_ORG# picks up my return.
Since I cannot be there because of a funeral, unfortunately this cannot be changed.
Can I be assigned an alternative pick-up date, please.
From 01.02. #NUMBER# I can be found again throughout.
Lahnstein weir equipped for water rescue: 45,000 euros subsidy from the land
Recently, the Interior Minister of Rhineland-Palatinate, Roger Lewentz, handed over a grant of 45,000 euros to Lord Mayor Peter Labonte in the Lahnstein Town Hall for the new water rescue equipment trolley of the Lahnstein Volunteer Fire Brigade.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in use since November 2020, was €135,000.
A good and important investment in safety.
I am delighted that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this, "says Lahnstein's Lord Mayor Peter Labonte.
The equipment trolley is used by the Lahnstein diving team, one of a total of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below water, they perform tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, increasing stakes are expected in the long term: The boom in hotel shipping on the Rhine and Moselle and the further increase in the use of the Lahn as a leisure river contribute to this.
I bought a book which I could only read 10% and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
I followed their recommendations but synced, removed and reloaded the app NOTHING worked.
I am a bit frustrated because the whole action has already cost me a lot of time and now hope for help.
Okay, so it is.
I would like to order 3 items from the collection of #PRS_ORG# in June.
Can I enter an appointment in the order process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the previously mentioned values are determined in the Fenix laboratory at 21 ° C ± 3 ° C, 50% -80% humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values may vary depending on the flashlight used, age and environment.
*: The burning time in the Bright stage contains the burning time with reduced brightness due to the overheating protection.
2) Dealers are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the dealers or distributors from which they purchased Fenix luminaires for warranty support using Fenixlight Limited's "warranty card" and either a commercial invoice or receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts necessary for the maintenance of our luminaires.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix will replace a new product within 15 days of purchase due to any manufacturing defects if problems occur during normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
When the model is discontinued, customers receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers a free repair for lamps within 5 years from the date of purchase, if a problem occurs during normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
With the exception of the products and accessories listed above, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited Lifetime Warranty: For luminaires that have exceeded the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifetime repairs but charge a fee for parts.
The dealer informs the customer of the cost of the part before the repair.
4) Warranty Certificate: Customers request after-sales service from Fenix dealers or dealers by providing a completed Fenix warranty card, purchase invoice or receipt.
The distributor should offer services to customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover damages or failures caused by:
any defects or damages caused by improper operation include, but are not limited to, operation that does not comply with the warranty or the notices in the product specification.
For example, the product specification describes that the sealed head must not be disassembled, as this can damage the flashlight and invalidate the warranty.
Any defects or damage attributable to other conduct cannot be adequately controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type/model of the warranty object, serial number.
First of all, thank you for facing the whole thing here, I have also spent almost a decade in the civil service in a similar activity, ie we were also arms bearers in the executive, I do not want to go into this further!
I always find the question of right and left very simplified.
Basically, however, one should say that of course the public servant rather comes from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, that should actually be clear to everyone.
That of course also in the special uniform and weapon carrier people to the right of conservative magically attract should also be clear to everyone that these people can then of course deal with the lived reality difficult is of course also clear, because you have of course next to the average white, now many Germans with a migration background, women and also homosexuals (And by that I don't mean the exaggeratedly feminine cliché smugglings, because they exist in the executive rather less to nothing but quite normal men and women whom you don't notice if they don't tell you) and also on these people I can and must rely, because in case of doubt they save your life or use it for you.
But even if it sounds funny in my experience, these marginal groups also represent a conservative attitude, that is to say they are proud of Germany and feel rather less picked up by exaggerated left-wing politics, even if these politics supposedly stand up for them or think they have to do right, but they simply want to be treated as normal.
Back to the right, since of course police and armed forces are also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme right there, but that they may openly say their opinion there or even openly make any plans that endanger the state is completely exaggerated by the media and also annoys me.
Of course, it happens that especially policemen and soldiers who have often been abroad often start to generalize due to negative experiences and sometimes say things that are controversial to politically incorrect.
Also, it happens that certainly sometimes right-wing comrades meet who engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, such a thing is well fought and also counteracted with political education and enlightenment!
Germany is so very entangled internationally and that is also good so in my opinion that we could not afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks!
yes, what I do not understand, the other basket I also ordered on the German side.
Why would this come from England?
When I ordered, it wasn't sold out.
I already ordered in November.
it was confirmed to me but so in your confirmation of the order
It is still about my order, which is no longer available.
I've been chatting with #NAME# before.
Alternatively, you could deliver the other #PRS_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# Euro in black to Germany or this basket is also available in Germany somewhere.
I only ever find you as a partner company.
but at the top of the edge of the wooden part are two deep notches filled with something yellow
and on the mirror itself is a small scratch
More neat by child?
Hello, I (w32) have been busy with one thing for some time.
I am very disciplined and organized at work (I am independent, very little free time), but all my life I get it more bad than right to keep my household permanently clean and tidy.
There are always phases in which everything stops, and every now and then it grabs me and I clean up and clean up.
But it is actually never so "that someone could come spontaneously to visit."
My husband is (unfortunately) no better, it bothers me somewhere but most of the time household just loses against work and unwillingness.
The kitchen is still cleaned the most regularly since we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to become more orderly with child?
We don't have one yet but are working on it and this question has been on my mind for some time.
Because for me I have no incentive, it just does not bother me so much, as long as no visit comes and eg always fresh clothes are there and the kitchen usable.
Do you have a greater incentive with a child or do you stay sloppy?
I look forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, high-quality and anatomically preformed cut, offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus allows almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Preforming with special, further embossing on the joints for improved freedom of movement (on arm and squats)
For the Focea Comfort 4, the Flex System 2 has more than doubled the area covered by the Flex System in order to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels on the joints reduce friction (armpits, arm and squats)
High-quality preforms in the lower back and crotch ensure a tight, perfect fit.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar area increases the flexibility around the back zipper, thereby improving comfort, especially when bending and when mounting and applying the equipment to the surface.
The Free Flex Zone, which is located around the shoulders and back, guarantees increased flexibility when moving the arms and back.
Fireskin is a warming, water-repellent material with a special surface structure that offers a high degree of cold protection.
Positioned on the chest, it brings heat to a sensitive area of the body.
Seamless, thin (-2 mm) face sealing on the hood increases comfort, sealing and durability (separate hood)
Soft zone located in the collar improves the sealing with a finely adjustable width adjustment through a flexible, gentle Velcro fastener that does not adhere to the lamination or the seams
Double cuffs with zipper on arm and ankle joints connect an enveloping inner cuff with a soft, laminated neoprene outer cuff
45 ° notch at the end of the inner sleeve for increased elasticity and load capacity when tightening.
Long zipper at the neck with Elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on the jumpsuit without hood
Long G-Lock P back zipper (overall without hood) with metal slider and incorporated water dam system for improved sealing (Beuchat patent)
Zippers on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements on all ends of the zippers to prevent tearing in case excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels flush glued with outer and inner overlap
Edges of the outer sleeves lined for greater load capacity
Edges of inner sleeves notched for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system was designed to fix the computer in place, especially for deeper dives (the system is compatible with all popular wristband computers)
Career in social work - as someone with a self-insecure personality disorder?
I did an apprenticeship in software development and have been learning for about a year now.
Unfortunately, I realize more and more that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been thinking for a long time to start again and study social work.
The problem: I have a self-insecure (or anxiously avoidant) personality disorder (AVPS).
This roughly means that I have no self-esteem and am accordingly shy.
I have no problem talking to people on a factual level, but it is very difficult for me to have loose conversations and I have been told many times that I seem unapproachable (although I think that has already become better).
Can I become a social worker like that?
I do not want to work as a street worker or in an open youth meeting, but rather in addiction counseling or family help, for example.
But I do not know if the concrete everyday work is really as I imagine it, and it is difficult to find something on the Internet.
ÄVPS is already causing problems in my job (for me, emotionally) because it pulls me down every time there is something to complain about my code ("again the simplest things are messed up") and I find it difficult to ask more experienced colleagues for help ("In the meantime, I should really know how to do this myself "/" I keep him from working with my stupid questions "/" He must really consider me to be inferior" etc.).
The problems I will probably have in every profession but I wanted to have it mentioned at the point.
But you have already received the sofa back?
Because there was no confirmation of that either.
I'm waiting for an appointment for pickup
What do you mean give back please!
If I downloaded a book on the #PRS_ORG#, the message Your #PRS_ORG# does not authorize this book
Are there any problems?
I was chatting with # PRS_ORG#, who asked me if I had received a delivery confirmation for my closet.
The bird breaks down the protein absorbed with the food in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) and builds from these in turn its body's own proteins, which it also needs for the formation of plumage.
The formation of plumage in the nestling and the formation of new plumage in the moulting bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high stress for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, otherwise there may be disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this curative administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
The bird breaks down the protein absorbed with the food in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) and builds from these in turn its body's own proteins, which it also needs for the formation of plumage.
The formation of plumage in the nestling and the formation of new plumage in the moulting bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high stress for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, otherwise there may be disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this curative administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
1 g NEKTON-Bio per 250 ml water or 100 g soft food.
It is recommended to prepare only as much drinking water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change water/food daily.
A painted measuring spoon (inside) corresponds to 1 g of NEKTON-Bio.
In the case of severe plumage damage, double or triple the dose of NEKTON-Bio can be given at the beginning until the approach of new plumage formation is visible.
Thereafter, the normal dose is administered until the formation of new plumage is fully completed.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry without sunlight, between 15 ° and 25 ° C.
Please excuse me, but the chair is sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break down after 9 months?
Warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
This is really very bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to let you know that my order arrived damaged and pictures were attached.
Did you receive this email?
Statement of a community worker in opposition to the statute
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
So felling application made to the municipality.
An employee writes to me that cutting down fruit trees and thus also the walnut is not part of the statutes.
In the statutes, however, the walnut is explicitly indicated as a tree to be protected.
Can I now rely on the employee's statement or not?
On the one hand, I must be able to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statutes are clear.
Thank you for your answers
We understand that.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I have not received a message
Well, then I still have a sofo without use.
Could you offer me a discount or a voucher?
What were more expensive?
yes, I think so, the only question is whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check that?
Breaking news: Serious traffic accident near Selb
Recently, a serious traffic accident occurred on the St 2179 between the junction Selb-Nord and Plößberg.
As the press alert currently informs the police (14:03 clock), a car has come into oncoming traffic when overtaking.
There are casualties.
Ah okay understand.
Well, then thank you again for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
First of all Merry Christmas to you!
Unfortunately, my Christmas is moderately good, because my dear head is just crushing everything that can be crushed.
Before I pull this out... In short: I need advice and best of all from people who somehow know my situation - from you.
I'm doing the ref as a lateral entrant.
Originally, I studied something else and also worked there in one area (in order to remain at least a little anonymous, I do not give anything more precise here).
But the whole thing was too boring for me and I looked for alternatives that could be more fun for me.
At some point I ended up teaching and I was sure that it was - even if the framework conditions are much more inflexible than in my previous profession, but I didn't care.
I have now arrived at the third "I google other job postings."
And it's only been half a year.
At the times before, I always decided to continue and at least finish the ref, after which I can still swing around.
But right now I'm absolutely done.
I've had so little free time the last month that I'm completely drained.
Now it's holidays, but there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref, I always thought I was stress-resistant, but since my weekend was also my weekend and my end of work my end of work.
That's when I was free.
And the stress at work didn't matter in the moments.
Now even the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that additionally annoy me.
Basically, it's fun and from the outside, the ref also runs well in terms of feedback and so on.
But I'm completely drained and wonder how much stress my body can withstand before it completely closes - if it's not already doing so.
I wonder if I'd like to have that the rest of my working life like this - especially when I read some of your contributions here -, or if I should not go back to the old area, where I was valued, could take my free time, when I needed it, and found the work somehow boring, but was paid appropriately and together in a team what worked out and not as a lone fighter as this is the case most of the time.
But then I wonder if in a year I have not returned to the same place as now and am dissatisfied.
You realize it's all kind of confused, but maybe as outsiders you have advice or ideas on how to get out of this situation that I am completely finished and start crying at the slightest thought of it.
I'm not going to make decisions so emotionally right now, that probably doesn't lead to anything good.
But maybe your views will help me to see at least a little light at the end of the tunnel - or to be able to enjoy Christmas, that's enough for me for now.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whiny undertone of me.
I hope my situation has become at least a little clear.
Since its introduction in 2001, VOX's Valvetronix series has evolved steadily, which has led, among other things, to the combination of advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly replicates the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X Amps, we are introducing a brand new modeling engine that is absolutely state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to VET technology (Virtual Element Technology), which is based on the analysis of the components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers offer an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also contain the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamplifier.
This is partly based on real analog circuits, because they simply manage the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier better than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuit, the VTX amplifiers offer a closed housing and a bass reflex system from which the natural resonances bubble.
With VOX's "Tone Room" software, you can even correct and bend historical facts on the virtual level until the amp and effects sound the way you've always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been refined several times since then to meet newly added sound requirements, which once again led to a performance boost of the VOX Valvetronix series in 2010 - with more dynamics and more numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20 + to the VT120 + with two speakers, the new VT + Valvetronix series has also been designed in such a way that all guitarists in search of maximum sound diversity will find what they are looking for here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: they expect a rich sound, a nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string stroke as well as a prompt address.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that the output stage in particular determines the tube character of an amplifier and developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology based on this finding.
The Valve Reactor circuit of each VT + amplifier, equipped with a 12AX7 tube, perfectly reproduces the behaviour, subtle nuances and sound character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Despite Wagner's 20 points: Magic lose at Clippers
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it's not enough to win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite scoring 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually placeable and foldable Velcro dividers, it is tailored to the needs of your photographic equipment and is therefore suitable for every type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-format SLR cameras.
What ultimately fits in the backpack, of course, depends on the size of the camera and the lenses.
A possible assembly would be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses and a plug-on flash.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models of the Sony-a7 series or a Fuji X-T2 still leave room for further lenses.
In addition, you can still store a lot of accessories.
And those who have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E-series) can use the backpack for their equipment and for photo-foreign things.
Drone pilots also make an optimal choice with the Everyday Backpack 20L, because the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably longest in history
In the nearly three months since the eruption began, lava flows on the Canary Island have caused major damage.
Is there an end in sight?
With a duration of 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma since Sunday is the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary Island.
Until now, the eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585, at 84 days, was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
There is no reliable data on previous outbreaks.
The activity of the still nameless volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has decreased somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists did not dare to predict when it might end.
The indicators indicate a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable, "Island Council President Mariano Hernández Zapata told state TV channel RTVE.
Damages in the millions
In the nearly three months since the outbreak began, the more than 1,000-degree hot lava has destroyed nearly 2,900 apartment buildings and other structures, according to RTVE.
Almost 1200 hectares were covered by a meter-thick lava layer.
This corresponds to almost 1,700 football fields.
More than 7,000 residents had to be evacuated, the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Off the coast, two new headlands with a combined size of about 50 hectares were created by cooled lava.
Above all, the banana cultivation, which is immensely important for the island, of which about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly and which was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption, was severely affected.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, further areas severely affected, wrote the newspaper "El País."
Christmas and the gifts
Christmas is just around the corner and especially the children will not be able to wait for the heavenly feast.
The many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree, combined with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling tension, have something seductive about them.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still hold our increasingly divided society together.
It is all the more important to become aware of the Christmas tradition of giving, so that the gesture of giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss was a peace-making "social contract of natural peoples," escapes the rigid routine and can be filled with life again in the context of this tradition.
How Nicholas became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants through whom the Christmas days were closely linked to the gifts.
Previously, gifts were presented to each other on St. Nicholas Day in one way or another.
The background to this custom, which is still popular today, is that Saint Nicholas, as Bishop of Myra, secretly threw gold into the window of three women in one night to save them another life of sin.
From this unconventional way of giving emerged the custom, popular in Germany, of filling the boots, especially of children, with gifts.
Protestants clashed with this custom because they reject mediators between God and men as "veneration of saints."
For these reasons, they guard against the institution.
Martin Luther turned Nicholas into the Christ Child and thus founded a new line of tradition.
The focus of the gift-giving thus shifted to Christmas Eve.
However, since most Protestants no longer see such detailed questions so closely, it only angers the fewest that the custom of Saint Nicholas, similar to the use of Martin with Martinssingen and Martin's parade, is still an integral part of the pre-Christmas period.
Today, in boots outside the door and under the Christmas tree from socks to coveted luxury watches, you can find everything your heart desires.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources prove a tradition of giving since the 13th century on the day of Saint Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
In all Christian countries, however, there is a cheerful cuddle about the question of who brings the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the respective region whether the Christ Child appears on Christmas Eve or Santa Claus, who is in principle a kind of Santa Claus, to whom some peculiarities have been assigned over time.
These include, for example, his white beard, which has little in common with the rather strict Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sleigh, which is pulled by reindeer and the preference of the fireplace to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure on Christmas Day.
In Spain, the Three Kings give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the Child Jesus.
In Scandinavia, mythical creatures sometimes bring the gifts, while in Russia it brought Father Frost to some glory.
Here it is not reindeer, but three horses that pull his sleigh as a troika.
In the Czech Republic, the motherland of the Reformation in the course of the Hussite Wars, the Christ Child is responsible for handing over the gifts.
For 3 weeks, when trying to download a new book, get this error message, my account data and contact details are up to date:
Ask for troubleshooting help as I
otherwise buy another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
I requested a return label for my order #NUMBER# last week and this morning.
I was told that one would be sent to me.
Since I haven't received one yet (in the SPAM folder either), I wanted to ask how long this usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police Shoot Suspected Bank Robber Near Royal Palace
An armed man was shot dead by police near Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police said callers reported a man allegedly walking into a bank and a bookmaker's shop with a gun.
The man fled in a vehicle that could be stopped by officers a little later, according to authorities.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
Several embassies are located in the area around Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and the three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
which one?
No matter where I click, I will immediately be redirected to your page.
The decorative lamp blends harmoniously into any bed, garden area or rock garden.
The lamp is simply set up and can be anchored in the ground with 2 ground spikes.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar module for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Light duration max. 10 hours
- The robust plastic design can be used outdoors all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow in color inside.
Quite harmless, on the other hand, is "Smart Stone": The sun alone ensures that this solar light shines fascinatingly - optionally in white or colored light (in six different shades).
The edgeless, amorphous design is deliberately chosen: Like a natural-shaped large pebble, this modern light object presents itself by day.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment - whether on the edge of the terrace, in the lawn or in the stone bed.
He also does well in the vicinity of larger pebbles and boulders, where he knows how to assert himself thanks to his size.
You can save yourself a lot of preparatory work: As a solar light, "Smart Stone" requires neither supply line nor batteries.
Place the "Light Stone" in any place illuminated by the sun on the day.
Two supplied ground skewers provide a firm hold if required.
The matt white plastic cover itself is robust and weatherproof.
Its solar panel conceals "Smart Stone" discreetly in its interior, along with its battery and two LEDs - one for white, the other for colored light.
The battery already charges when sunlight falls on the housing.
When dusk falls, "Smart Stone" begins to glow automatically; in which color, that's up to you: In addition to daylight white, there are six attractive light colors to choose from.
The switch-off also takes place automatically as soon as the battery charge level has dropped to a predetermined minimum or it becomes light again.
As soon as the sun shines again, the charging cycle starts all over again the next day.
I've done this several times, it doesn't work.
Too bad, I would have liked to continue ordering from you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, then I will no longer order on principle.
If you change your mind, let me know.
Otherwise, that was the last contact today.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
In lockdown, no hardware store has opened anyway.....
The engine control of the LokSound 5 has been fundamentally improved again.
A variably adjustable PWM clock frequency from 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super quiet operation, especially with bell armature motors - the typical "hum" is a thing of the past.
The load control can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function allows the decoder to be automatically calibrated to the motor.
With up to 1.5A motor current, the LokSound 5 decoder provides enough juice even for older motors.
- please use the Ebay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are summarized correctly.
- You will receive an e-mail with the package number for shipment tracking.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT from the specialist dealer for each purchase of new goods.
- we usually process your order or request within 24 hours on working days.
Pill problem
Hello dear woman people,
I hope I do everything right here, after a year of reddit is actually my first post.
To my problem: I started taking the pill again about five years ago, mainly because I had so incredibly bad pain during the period and fucking PMS before the period.
Now I would like to let this stay again, because I already have to take enough medication due to chronic diseases, which I cannot choose.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain, but my skin.
I had gotten explosive pimples on my last roughly two-year break from 0 to 100 and these everywhere.
So far so superficial, but I was quite burdened and I did not feel comfortable.
In the two-year hiatus, the whole thing never really normalized.
Maybe someone has some tips to avoid this time.
Perfume-free and without thunder is my cosmetics already, but maybe there's what someone can recommend to me.
Gynecologist has unfortunately not taken me so seriously and dermatologist appointment is still coming.
Many thanks to everyone: n who has read through the novel!
Yes, dear skin is such a thing.
Had Vorbupertär bad atopic dermatitis, then a period of rest, then large-scale nodule lichen and the acne theme.
I also have nutrition in the course of chr. Illness tried everything possible and I got stuck on a sugar, milk and meat-poor mixed food, because otherwise nothing worked really well.
It can also be good that Hormonell is simply the worm in it, but if you have like me everywhere construction site you just prefer not to go looking for what else is wrong.
I already had everything of her colleague semina or similar.
Written and now I have lost the conversation and do not know what was answered to my request.
In between I always have to work and answer the phone and suddenly everything was gone...
what's there to check, if the money was there, I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but there is it generally in large
since it is available in black large
The Zappiti 4K HDR series - The best film experience ever!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for best image quality, excellent performance and the best possible user-friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you convenient and intuitive access to your entire movie library in stunning 4K high-definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti Players are successfully used all over the world to enhance the movie experience, both in the home and in the commercial environment.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the most advanced 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10 +, almost all current video file formats, full BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with one billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and features a wide, solid chassis, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best possible home cinema experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers outstanding image quality - far better than previous generations - with improved dynamics, precise colour display, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or front projector, you'll love the image quality of your display!
3D also offers better image depth and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote control.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included).
Network playback: Dedicated network optimization that guarantees better performance when playing over the local area network thanks to SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100, regardless of the type of media.
Universal RC: Seamless integration into smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much as I've been waiting for it since September.
Nothing works now.
My account is apparently blocked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that use the above products according to the manufacturer or user manual.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist dealer in toner production
All listed company and brand names as well as all mentioned type designations are the property of the respective legal manufacturers and rights holders.
Their mention serves only for the orientation and the identification of the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
Which vouchers???
I had not received my voucher in the last order!
In the name of the people: lay people make judgments with
In the courtroom they sit in everyday clothes on the bench.
But much depends on their judgment, even if they do not wear a robe: Schöffen determine with professional judges whether and how long someone goes behind bars.
Two of them report in conversation with the "public" from their time at the Bad Kreuznacher district court: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the regional court on John-F. Kennedy-Straße.
Hello, unfortunately I can not get into the customer account.
Could you please send me the invoice from the order number #NUMBER# again to the above e-mail address?
Can we dispose of the packaging material?
We have no means of keeping them for so long.
We would use the table as offered by them as if it were our
gladly, had already ordered the same armchair in blue in the nov.and also got it.hätte therefore because they are so beautiful now one in grey
Does the cabinet have to be completely dismantled for collection and refund?
and when would the pickup be?
110 kV underground cable to be newly built in 2022
The approval for the laying of the new high-voltage cable at Tann is final.
The planning approval decision of the Government of Lower Bavaria clears the way for the construction, which is scheduled to begin in 2022.
This was announced by the grid operator Bayernwerk.
The approximately seven-kilometer-long underground cable will connect the Tann substation in the north of the municipality and the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable is connected to a mast of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning,
my order from the 03.01.21 with the order number #NUMBER# has so far only arrived in parts.
The blue Betsell number: #PRS_ORG# with the shipment number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the note "Delivery not possible."
All three other packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me what the next step is?
Have a great start to the week!
You can forget that, I already explained that several times yesterday!!
This is a chest of drawers made of glass and the entire sides have burst open, so there is glass everywhere and the cardboard is broken
The chest of drawers is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to come to the apartment because of the #PRS_ORG# regulations
This means that the dresser cannot be picked up because no one is allowed in my apartment
Thanks for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it is with all books, so yes the request at # PRS_ORG#, since it is probably a general problem
Ref: Planning lessons (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I have been in the ref since summer, I enjoy teaching, but I currently still have big problems to plan my lessons in geography time-efficiently.
Unfortunately, my school is not technically well equipped at all, so that in principle I can only use the blackboard, the textbook and an OHP as a medium.
At school, I can only copy b/w for free (which is annoying for geography).
I currently just need a very long time to plan my hours.
For example, we are currently working on the topic of geofactors and for me, every hour actually stands on its own.
In principle, the methods are always repeated, but on the other hand, I do not want to invest too much time for simple lessons (I also need them for divisions, etc.).
When planning, I always start from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build it (mostly I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school does not have).
We have the book Terra and I am rather dissatisfied with most of the tasks in the book.
Hence the worksheets.
Maybe an geography teacher can tell me how to work with the book in a time-efficient way.
I'd be really happy.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the #NUMBER# order.
I have actually already decided for a new one at #PRS_ORG# but I would like to process the return as soon as possible.
Retailers fear Christmas business because of the 2G regulation.
Only those who have been vaccinated or recovered will be allowed into most shops.
The trade considers this unnecessary and laments sales slumps.
He also has a possible solution at hand.
From the point of view of the German Trade Association (HDE), the 2G regulations spoil the important Christmas business for retailers.
HDE Managing Director Stefan Genth criticized the decline in sales of non-daily items.
According to a recent HDE survey of 1,100 retailers, more than 70 percent of companies looked negatively at the remaining days of the year.
Many have already written off the Christmas business.
"What should actually be the positive peak of the year is now often a hole without a bottom," Genth said.
Retailers with 2G access restrictions lost almost a third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
It's only going well in food retail and online.
The association called for consequences from the dramatic development.
Shopping with mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, the chief executive said.
"2G in shopping doesn't get us any further in the fight against the pandemic," he stressed.
The current regulations deterred customers and required a high level of personnel.
The ribbon scheme must be allowed nationwide, he demanded.
According to this, each customer would only have to be checked once on 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would have access to all shops with the ribbon received that day.
In addition, in retail - as already in public transport under the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested) - random checks should be sufficient.
The real estate group Deutsche Euroshop, which specialises in shopping centres, also spoke of a difficult Christmas business.
The frequencies were recently without 2G at a good 75 percent of the pre-corona level, sales at about 90 percent.
These figures will now surely fall in the middle of such an important Christmas business, "CEO Wilhelm Wellner told Wirtschaftswoche.
Due to the high personnel and administrative effort, the centers are trying to find solutions and get approved.
This includes the so-called ribbon solution, in which "visitors can, for example, provide their 2G proof at a central location in the center and then - equipped with a bracelet similar to a club hotel - can enter all shops undisturbed." DPA
I recently ordered and received delivery of the #PRS_ORG#.
The mirror has a scratch and on the frame is also a flaw, which was tried with a yellow filler to be concealed.
That looks ugly.
I would like to return the mirror and have already packed it back into the package and pasted it.
How do I have to proceed for the return now?
The lamp is designed for dual balance, based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
The colour temperature and brightness of the lamp are set by a modern microprocessor with exceptional possibilities.
In addition to adjusting the brightness, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to manually set and store the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K.
Use the current settings in the flash memory.
A special feature of the controller, it is simple and intuitive to use.
The luminaire produces a very luminous flux with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The beam angle of 120 degrees, with which you can illuminate large areas at a relatively small distance, is excellent.
By the way, even in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness virtually without changing the color temperature.
It is a great tool to work both on the film set or in the studio.
The optionally available DMX512 controller enables remote control of the luminaire in television studios or when the luminaire is mounted in places that are difficult to access.
At the back of the lamp is the control panel, it consists of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
Furthermore, there is the slot for the NP-F batteries (not included)
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
In order to carry out the settings of the individual settings on the memory locations, one of the memory keys is occupied and finished simply by pressing it for a longer time.
The memory controller stores the current state of the lamp when it is switched off, so that when it is switched on again the known situation is present again - Very convenient for studio work if eg. the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with battery one of the greatest strengths of the DL3120 functionality results from the possibility of operating with inexpensive NP-F batteries.
These are often already in the possession of photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can fall back on existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check before the set whether the batteries have enough power - a battery tester is also installed - for each of the two battery compartments a value in the two display displays (the left battery upper display, the right on the lower display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply the headlight with power via the supplied power supply.
The structure of the headlight is very simple.
You have a 16mm sleeve for attachment as a connection, so you can directly to your photo tripod.
The inclination must be reliably adjusted by means of fixtures on both sides.
It was ensured that the mechanical components are also of extremely high quality and are therefore also designed for durability and hard use.
In addition, a tilting joint is included in the scope of delivery.
Great is that the scope of delivery also includes a bag.
So you can safely transport or store the lamp with all the accessories you may still want to buy without problems.
Too bad I got it as a present and it is too small: (
"Party we wanted to throw": Frankfurt celebrates after torrid comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the last twice in series victorious Hessen were supposedly on their way to the next Bundesliga bankruptcy.
But then the SBU turned up, shot within a good hour the frustration about a mixed start to the season from the soul and won furiously with 5:2. "It is madness, what the boys have done today," cheered coach Oliver Glasner at DAZN and pronounced a "blanket praise, to every single one who was there."
At the beginning, it looked like a new damper for the Frankfurt team, who are now in ninth place and still behind their expectations.
Patrik Schick had taken the Leverkusen 2-0 lead.
What happened then also impressed the SBU coach.
"How the players then came back and showed a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I am incredibly happy with the performance we have shown and of course with the result.
Defender Christopher Lenz, who was able to be back on the pitch for the first time since the fourth day of play and his overcome muscle injury, also stressed the morale of his teammates.
"I think our mentality is incredibly big," the 27-year-old said, looking forward to the result in particular for viewers.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
For the upcoming tasks, however, Glasner now wants to keep the focus with him, but also sees himself well positioned with regard to the personnel situation.
It's extraordinary that we have all the players fit in December that all the players are physically in a top condition.
It's top work in our medical department, but also the players live highly professional.
Now they want to "go on step by step and remain modest" and "carry through the tasks at this level" until the turn of the year.
Next on Wednesday in the course of the English week is an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach (18.30 o'clock, Sky) on the program.
I just get the mail that my package comes back to you due to an error on my part.
I tried to call #PRS_ORG# and have it redirected, no chance.
Can it be sent directly to me again or do I have to wait until the money is transferred back and place the order again?
Would mean for me then unfortunately that I will not order again because it has already taken a very long time.
Have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Dampers for handball women ahead of quarter-final against Spain
Germany's handball women crept off the floor after the humiliation against Denmark with their heads hanging and their eyes empty.
At the end of the World Cup main round, the DHB selection conceded a bitter defeat at 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and must now face hosts Spain in the quarterfinals.
"We were too scared and had too much respect for the opponent," said national coach Henk Groener.
We have to play differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round group III with 8:2 points in second place behind the Danes (10:0).
It's a pity we couldn't take the flow with us.
That was a bad game by everyone that we have to erase, "captain Emily Bölk said.
In the fight for the semi-finals, a significant increase must be made against the World Cup second of 2019 next Tuesday to keep alive the tender dream of the first medal since 2007.
Best German thrower in the duel with three-time Olympic champion Denmark was backroom player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
"We just weren't there - neither in attack, nor in defence," acknowledged backroom player Xenia Smits, demanding: "We have to look ahead quickly now."
From front to back not at height
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not up to speed with the kick-off.
Miscues and technical errors in attack and gaps in defence were responsible for a quick 0-4 loss after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately at operating temperature and prevented worse with some parades.
The DHB team scored their first goal after 9:30 minutes when Grijseels successfully completed a quick counter-kick.
However, this was not the hoped-for initial ignition.
Against the aggressive cover of the Danes, the German women could hardly put themselves in the scene - and if they did, they mostly failed because of the strong Althea Reinhardt in the goal of the Scandinavian women.
So the game had run early at 3:10 after 20 minutes, especially since backroom player Mia Zschocke saw red a little later because of a hard foul on her opponent.
In the quarter-finals, however, she can participate again.
It was only in the closing stages of the first half that the DHB selection came into play a little better and at least five goals by the break.
The already only quiet hope for a catch-up after the change was already gone after seven minutes at 9:19.
Again, the Groener protégés sinned in all areas and made it easy for the well-laid opponent, who is one of the medal candidates in the final round.
As a result, the German team could no longer rise to an increase in performance and went off the floor as a clear loser.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family Traditions in the Christmas Season
As part of the Reddit Advent Calendar, we have grasped Nicholas Day and take this as an opportunity to dedicate ourselves to family traditions in the run-up to Christmas, Advent, Nicholas, Christmas Eve and Christmas holidays.
How was it back then at your house?
Like your\* r partner\* in?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is most beautiful for the children?
The boot cleaning?
Cookie baking?
Tree decorations?
Do they make music?
Does Santa Claus come, the Christ Child or is the gift from Grandma and Grandpa?
No matter how you do it, everyone is putting in the effort and around Christmas to have it as beautiful as possible as a family.
Whether these are fixed traditions, or even something different every year: tell us how it went or goes in your family!
please send me any transaction number.. or anything else that might help with that
Transfer confirmation... etc.
I would like to give away a coupon code
as with #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers
Is that possible with them?
The title specifies that I work as a vaccinologist in mobile vaccination teams, in which (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is vaccinated, especially in nursing homes.
Since these are soon finished to a large extent, it continues afterwards in part in vaccination centers for me.
I like to answer questions without time limit on the organizational and human aspects and also medical questions, as long as they are not related to you personally (e.g. "I take drug X, this is compatible with the vaccination..").
My area of responsibility includes the information for the vaccination, the indication (person is entitled to a vaccination according to the corona vaccination regulations and no reasons that speak against it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, the emergency care for allergic reactions (never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, e.g. medical specialists.
In vaccination teams, however, we often do not have any, but "only" (for God's sake, no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for the vaccine preparation, but they cannot (may?) carry out vaccinations, so that I also carry out most of the vaccinations there myself.
Heavy "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the solution
What is a "Huidlerer"?
With this dialect word, sent in by an Amberger, the BR television program "Wir in Bayern" (We in Bavaria) provided for vigorous reflection.
But unlike on many previous days, this time the term in the series "Host mi?" remained unperturbed by the callers.
No, it was not a "person who is nervous."
And also no one "to whom everything must go quickly."
That, people heard from the TV presenter, was completely wrong.
What the man from Amberg announced the solution and thus probably also caused astonishment among many Upper Palatinate.
"The Huidlerer," viewers learned, "is a rag someone uses to wipe out the oven."
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, interviewed as an expert by Bavarian television for years, confirmed this.
With the remark that this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, derived somehow from the rather well-known dialect word "Houdern."
This closed an educational gap - probably also among many who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I haven't been able to buy books in 2 weeks.
The following error message always appears after confirmation: oops - someting went wrong - try again later.
I have the #PRS_ORG# gel #PRS_ORG# n, restarted, connected to the PC, synchronized and repaired.
Nothing helped.
Tyre choice for the road bike - really so puncture-proof?
This morning I woke up full of energy, because I wanted to train at least a little in preparation for my bike tour next week.
Said, done and I drove off with my road bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then happened what lurks in every city center (this time: Thank you Krefeld!).
Glass splinters on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tyre did not want to take part in the rest of the track.
Since I had no real opportunity to get a replacement coat and hose due to the day of the week, I had to turn around again with a reasonably bad mood and take home the first track.
Was then also not quite so bad in terms of whimsy, maybe it is better if I practice again before the bike tour with the tire change.
But now I am faced with a question and hope that you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long distance ahead of me over several days, I would get this problem more often than not.
Now it was really not bad, because also the old tires of the previous owner (very nice old man, has the day I came to pick up the bike until 14 o'clock 120 km demolished!) and who had already called them suboptimal, because he has driven with them for several years on a roll.
But when I think about it that I still have to make a tire change when driving after 80-90kms, then I think I am really in a bad mood: D
Now I got into conversation with an older man at the platform who asked me in surprise why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tyres; These are supposed to be unflattenable.
Now, of course, the whole thing sounds very tempting.
But are these really so indestructible?
I have little desire to spend now 40 €/tire, only to be disappointed.
Furthermore I ask myself: I have at the moment on the road bike I think 25x622.
Although there are also (apparently?) with the Marathon Plus tires, but the majority is already wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you generally advise me to use other tyres on a road bike?
The Schwalbe side seems to be my absolute! Amateur knowledge rather to recommend the Durano DD?
Thank you in advance for the help and greetings!
Car slams against tree: Driver fatally injured
The 53-year-old had hit on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten with his car for an unexplained cause against a central island and then got on the opposite lane, as the police announced.
There was a head-on collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The 53-year-old's car was then thrown against a tree and the man was trapped in the car.
The 27-year-old, as well as his 23-year-old passenger, were seriously injured in the crash and taken to surrounding hospitals.
yes we have deleted all books everything bneu authorized and loaded new books
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free of harmful metals.
The Group strives to use recipes without regulated or questionable ingredients without influencing the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging are made of recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please only recycle empty containers.
Bring container with remnants to the problem waste point.
Labelling: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the current status of the labelling regulations.
The classification, classification, and distinction take place according to GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EG in the current valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EG, Article 31 and Annex II, as currently applicable.
With many DUPLI-COLOR spray varnishes, spray protection and anti-break closure cap prevent unauthorized use.
Observe the corresponding notes on the cap or label.
Always read and observe the respecting texts carefully before use!
Will I receive a confirmation by e-mail?
Your colleagues have already assured me of this 3 time... how reliable is your information?
When will the forwarding company contact me?
I already wrote, didn't you get my text?
After the release of our new High End Broadband B 100- 6 OHM it was only a matter of time until our SOLO series would get offspring again.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offspring and is visually reminiscent of the great role models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, this construction proposal includes a suitably designed foot directly to raise the loudspeaker to the correct listening position.
This has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adjusted in length according to the conditions at home.
In principle, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people in whom the maximum volume plays a rather subordinate role, but sonically an exceptionally high level is to be achieved.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not able to generate such large sound pressure levels almost unfiltered.
However, this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, she appears remarkably grown-up and extremely impressive and accurate for her size.
Tonal, the SOLO 15 was tuned with a slight increase in treble.
This is generally customary in the case of broadband in order to optimize the bundling which increases excessively at high frequencies.
Precisely aligned to the listening place, the SOLO 15 convinces with very clear and fine sound.
Slightly turned outwards, the high-frequency range can be reduced and the sound can be made warmer.
Thanks to the point sound source, the location of the individual components of a piece of music in the optimal stereo triangle is razor-sharp and amazingly precise.
The reference-suspected extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM provide a fine dynamic that looks for its same.
The SOLO 15 not only complements our SOLO series, but also extends it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
As with all our kits, it is advisable to think about the final look of the loudspeaker at the beginning in order to plan for corresponding changes during construction.
If, for example, you want to veneer the housings, the lowering of the loudspeaker must be adapted accordingly, since the veneer again applies material.
After all plates have been cut to size (e.g. in the DIY store), you should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base plate at the appropriate point in order to be able to carry out the cable there later without any problems.
With the help of a router, the loudspeaker opening in the front now follows, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can later be used flush.
On the back, this opening should be provided with a 45 ° chamfer to make the opening area of the speaker chassis inside as large as possible.
The four screw connection points of the B 100 - 6 OHM get an interruption in the chamfer, as shown in the picture "Detail chamfer."
Then you start with the actual construction of the box and place one of the two side walls on a flat surface in front of you.
The rear wall, the lid, the front and the bottom are now glued onto these.
The three stiffeners should also be used and glued.
The stiffeners themselves can vary in material thickness if required, for example if you want to use finished strips from the DIY store instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
In the next step, the second page is attached.
Then follow all the plates of the foot, ie the two sides, as well as the front.
The fitting of the openings of the bass reflex tube as well as of the connecting terminal on the rear wall is facilitated by means of a suitable perforated circular saw or a Forstner drill.
Then you use a round milling cutter to round off all edges of the actual box.
The upper side of the base plate can also be rounded with it.
The base plate is then firmly glued to the base of the housing and additionally screwed on with long wood screws.
This is followed by the marking and pre-drilling (2.5 mm drill) of the screw connection points of the loudspeaker chassis and the connection terminal.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuuming/blowing out), you start laying the cable.
The easiest way to do this is through the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the rear wall.
You push the entire and uncut cable piece by piece through the 8 mm hole in the foot up to the terminal opening and let it protrude there about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the housing, the cable is led to the loudspeaker opening and let it hang out loosely there as well.
The crossover is then prepared and used.
The construction plan of the crossover, as well as the corresponding connection diagram can be found in the following document: Assembly Instructions for Crossover Solo 15.
If the crossover is installed and the connection terminal is screwed, the seal follows the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely closed.
Through the 35 mm bASSREFLEX opening and with some skill, you can let hot glue drip onto the opening and close it.
Through the opening of the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp you can check the seal accordingly.
Now the damping follows according to the description.
The B 100 - 6 OHM is then connected and tightened with the appropriate screws.
The polarity plays an important role here, so that the positive line (marked cable) must be soldered to the positive pole of the loudspeaker (larger contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and inserted.
For damping, a mat of the damping material is cut into two parts and loosely distributed in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex channel should be kept clear.
Can I place an order now and only have it delivered at the beginning of June?
> Hello to all,
> finally we can announce that we will be hosting the OSCAST again this year!
> For well-known reasons, it is unfortunately not possible for us to get more than four people into the studio, which has meant a higher planning effort and explains the short-term nature of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people by Switch, so we will follow the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We do our best to avoid delay or other problems.
But hey, it's still pandemic - yet we'll give everything we can to accompany the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
> It will start around 0:30.
Get some drinks cold, plan good food and get ready for a long but very interesting night.
The goods cost less than 20 Euros.
The fee is equal to 40% of the value of the goods....
I am #PRS_ORG# major customer and so it is not a problem for me.
Just need a number or instruction what I should enclose the package so that it can be tracked by you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago.... For 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
I honestly find that very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and reorder for the better price or is there another way to get credit?
I also think in principle that children should not be expected to take on a parental role for their little brothers and sisters.
However, I think it is also good for big brothers and sisters to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Sometimes they have a quick look, sometimes they help, sometimes they bring the bottle etc..
In this way, they learn responsibility, help out in the family and are involved.
As long as they can still be enough child themselves, I see no problem.
If your K1 is alone for a short time and it is OK for him, that is good.
You're the best judge of whether that's a good fit for your kids.
It's not like he's supposed to swaddle K2 and spend hours helping him fall asleep.
From a purely legal point of view, it is probably questionable.
Maybe that's where the psychologist's statement comes from.
Because if something should really happen like a fire, burglary, earthquake, alien invasion etc. it would actually be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Now whether that is a risk you want to take is of course your discretion ;)
Please help me find the title of a book again!
I remember a few years ago a crime / thriller to have read and I can still remember almost the entire plot but I do not want to remember the title partout more perhaps someone knows here ...
The story was about fear and how to treat it.
At the beginning of the story an animal keeper commits suicide by pouring food over himself and going to his cats of prey in the enclosure.
The case is taken over by a commissioner who, after a short investigation, comes across his therapist who runs a clinic where he treats anxiety patients.
The commissioner has a little niece who also has a fear (of fire) and ends up with this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is anonymously commissioned before each suicide to go to the place of the suicide and document it and put the photos on the internet.
Anyway, it turns out that this therapist runs a kind of underground therapy group where the patients are transplanted a chip that suppresses a fear center in the brain and the patients finally face their fear in the most extreme way.
(one woman jumps out of the window another drives herself to death on purpose).
This facing the fear is called "the fight" in the book.
At the end there is a big showdown in the clinic that had to do with a fire.
That's the general plot, I'm pretty sure the book was originally written by a French author.
If anyone knows this plot or can even tell me the title of the book I would be very happy.
Oh dear, I don't have the password for the wifi available.
Have to contact my husband first.
That may take a while.
What steps do I need to take after that?
Is it also possible to get back the price difference ?
Child, 4 y., splinter under thumbnail
Child, four years, has wood splinters under the thumbnail (outside) over the entire length.
Have tried to pull it with tweezers.
Very hard to grab.
Did not work and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No more chance.
Tomorrow it goes to the doctor.
All Bosch power tools, air tools, and measuring tools are carefully inspected, tested, and subjected to the strict controls of Bosch Quality Assurance.
Bosch therefore provides a warranty for Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools.
The purchaser's liability claims for defects arising from the purchase contract with the seller and statutory rights are not restricted by this warranty.
We provide warranty for these tools in accordance with the following conditions:
We provide warranty in accordance with the following regulations (No. 2 - 7) by repairing free of charge the defects of the tool which are demonstrably due to a material or manufacturing defect within the warranty period.
The warranty period is 24 months, in case of commercial or professional use or equivalent stress 12 months.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the first end user.
The date on the original purchase receipt is decisive.
For all commercial blue power tools and measuring tools (with the exception of high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers and pneumatic tools) purchased after 01.09.2004, the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the purchaser registers these tools within 4 weeks of the date of purchase.
Battery packs and chargers as well as supplied accessories are excluded from this warranty extension.
Registration can only be done on the Internet at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
The registration receipt, which must be printed out immediately, as well as the original purchase receipt showing the date of purchase are valid as confirmation.
Registration is possible only if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data to be entered there.
Excluded from the warranty are: Parts subject to use-related or other natural wear and tear, as well as defects in the tool resulting from use-related or other natural use, abnormal environmental conditions, extraneous operating conditions, overloading or lack of maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessories, supplements or spare parts which are not original Bosch parts.
Tools on which modifications or additions have been made.
Minor deviations from the nominal condition which are insignificant for the value and usability of the tool.
The remedy of the defect recognized by us as being subject to warranty shall be effected in such a way that we repair the defective tool free of charge or replace it with a faultless tool (if necessary also a successor model) at our discretion.
Replaced tools or parts become our property.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Distance Selling Act, I have a right of withdrawal of 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
By combining a digital decoder and sound module on one PCB, we achieve dimensions of only 30mm x15.5mm and can thus be installed in almost any H0 and 0 gauge locomotive.
LokSound 5 decoders are offered with all common interfaces and always come with a 11x15mm "sugar cube" speaker along with a sound capsule kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a true multi-protocol decoder.
It handles the DCC data format as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In DCC format, 14 to 128 speed steps are as natural as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoder registers fully automatically with a suitable digital command station.
It masters all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom®, the CV values on the main track can be read out with suitable command stations.
Auxiliary registers exist for command stations that can only program CVs from 1-255.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speed steps at 255 addresses.
Three additional Motorola® addresses allow the triggering of 16 functions.
A built-in programming mode makes reprogramming possible even with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic registration to mfx®-compatible command stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes Märklin® braking sections as well as ZIMO® HLU braking commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
Braking with DCC brake modules or with DC voltage is also possible.
In addition, it also stops with a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC shuttle train automatic allows automatic shuttling between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analog DC and AC railroads.
After my voucher because of a complaint, which has not arrived with me, is no longer extended accommodating, I will my order worth approx.
#NUMBER#€ from my shopping cart and order somewhere else, where the customer friendliness is higher and I do not have to type my fingers to the bone to achieve purely nothing!!!
What should I do with this number then???
Because of Omikron: Johnson wants to push for booster vaccination
New cases of Omikron continue to worry politicians and scientists in Great Britain.
By New Year's Day, therefore, all qualifying adults in England are to receive a vaccination offer.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to move forward with Corona booster vaccinations even faster than previously targeted in light of rapidly rising Omicron numbers.
Every adult in England should be given the opportunity to receive a booster dose as early as the end of the year, provided at least three months have passed since the second vaccination, Johnson said Sunday evening in a pre-recorded video message to his countrymen.
Previously, the target date was the end of January.
He said the U.K. government will provide additional support to ensure vaccination campaigns are also accelerated in the country's Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
We are facing an emergency in the face of the Omikron variant, so there is an urgent need to boost vaccination protection, Johnson said.
The good news, he said, is that the level of protection can be boosted again with a third dose of vaccine.
"Get boostered now!" said Johnson.
On Sunday, 1239 more Omikron cases were recorded in the United Kingdom, bringing the total to 3137.
Compared to the previous day, that was a whopping 65 percent increase. dpa
will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price upon pickup?
I'm in favor of everyone introducing themselves with pronouns
I sent out an application.
Today the invitation for an interview came by mail.
I want to reply to the e-mail.
But unfortunately the name is not a "Peter" but a more complicated name.
I googled it and depending on where he/she has a cultural background it is either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how to write the email now.
Can someone help me please?
**I am a foreigner and I don't want to step over the feet of any official.
Conclusion: everyone should introduce themselves with pronouns.
Got a total of 5 books on it.
4 of them going.
Only the one I bought today does not go
Obviously the chair had a defect that was not apparent when it was sold.
How can such an upholstery damage occur after 9 months otherwise ?
First tried on the #PRS_ORG#.
But that has been working for approx.
14 days no longer.
So I always bought the last books on the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# and wanted to buy 8.
However, there were none left.
Now they are available again and I want you to please add 2 chairs to the order and charge me for that.
[CW] The feeling when I can't help.
Content warning: I'm going to write something a little detailed about domestic violence here.
I just need to get something off my chest.
I (21) come into contact with victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence more often for professional reasons.
A topic that really gnaws at me and unfortunately happens far too often is that many victims do not let themselves be helped or think that we cannot help them.
I am well aware that we cannot do everything and that it is not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my job that move me more than when I can't do anything about such situations.
I see the bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes....
But even talking in private, with the perpetrator far out of sight and hearing, I can't reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it is fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the familiar social environment, fear of snatching the children from it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes very close to tears myself, is that everyone is worth living without violence.
I want all women to know that they don't have to just accept violence.
Often I wish I could help with this in every case.... I know I can't.
But it never makes it any easier.
Please, always remember, you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
"Arcane" on Netflix: What is the series on "League of Legends" good for?
Lots of fantasy, lots of complicated names, a breathtaking presentation: "Arcane," the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, recently launched on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two seasons?
Basketball Bundesliga: MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg's derby debacle at Merlins Crailsheim
At least youngster Johannes Patrick could be counted on.
Nothing again: For the second time in less than three months, the Giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick had said, looking back on the cup defeat at the beginning of October at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim: "We still have some anger in the belly".
This did not subside after the game - but increased again in view of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the Basketball Bundesliga.
Whereby still more than the bare result the way of the appearance disappointed.
A statistic that expresses the entire dilemma is representative: The three-point quota was just 13 percent, 4 goals (all from young John Patrick) on no less than 31 attempts - any questions?
The answer was provided by John Patrick: "We just weren't focused enough after the win at Tenerife, and didn't implement what we trained for."
Namely, moving the ball.
His counterpart Sebastian Gleim had a completely different reaction: "An awesome game to win against Ludwigsburg for the second time," said the happy coach.
"It felt like being in front of 10,000 people".
Although only 750 visitors were admitted to the Hohenlohe Arena on Saturday, they got their money's worth.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who marked 22 points and directed his team's play.
"The best playmaker I've ever coached," Gleim still praised.
While in Patrick's team even the top performers like Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed across the board.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) the giants avoided a total debacle and came up to eight points, after they had already trailed 39:59.
In addition to Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon scored twelve points.
Fortunately, there is not much time to complain.
Already on Wednesday (7 p.m.), the Giants receive the Skyliners Frankfurt, in front of then also in Ludwigsburg maximum 750 spectators.
we used to have a different mail address, but I changed it.
Yes, I have already reported a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected then.
We did some more legal research and wrote to them again about it.
We originally contacted them half a year ago.
Always as if from scratch: Max Raabe turns 59
He is able to thrill his audience with new interpretations of hits from the 20s and 30s.
He is currently on tour with the program "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" - when he is allowed to perform.
Actually, Max Raabe had wanted to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing will come of it.
The planned concert has been moved to May 2022 - "on official orders" to contain the Corona virus.
Other of his performances planned for the Advent season will also have to be cancelled for the time being, according to the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January, the artists then want to make up for their dates already postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe already sang a lot and with pleasure as a youth.
He studied opera singing in Berlin, and in 1986 he and fellow students founded the Palast Orchester.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of hits and chansons in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He has won many awards.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) - just like his successful album "Für Frauen ist das kein Problem" (2013) - reached second place in the charts.
He has made it from the niche into the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, his blond hair strictly combed back, and mindful of etiquette, it's hard to imagine the current German-language music landscape without Max Raabe.
He has been on tour with the program "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" since 2020. dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It to be complemented with existing furniture and so we could check beforehand if it matches in color
It still does not work I can only sinew the cover sheet but not scroll.
Federal Minister of Construction Klara Geywitz: Expropriation does not create a new home
The new Federal Minister of Construction Klara Geywitz (SPD) has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing corporations, as has been demanded in a referendum in Berlin.
"Expropriation does not create a single new apartment, it only changes the ownership structure," Geywitz said in an interview with the "Tagesspiegel" (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants security that their rent will remain affordable in the coming years.
A colorful mix of, for example, private landlords, cooperatives or housing associations is, by the way, the best protection against a monopoly forming.
In Berlin, the coalition of the SPD, the Greens and the Left Party wants to appoint a commission of experts on how to deal with the outcome of the referendum.
But if the situation does not ease, Geywitz did not rule out talks with the FDP in particular in the traffic light coalition about further tightening of tenancy law.
The coalition agreement provides for a rent brake until 2029, a limit on rent increases in tight housing markets and the expansion of the rent index.
I will talk to the Minister of Justice to implement this as quickly as possible.
If the rental market still does not relax, "we will talk to the coalition partners about further steps," the SPD politician stressed.
Hello, I wanted to order something and I noticed after a few days that I forgot the last step in the payment.
Unfortunately, the product is now unavailable.
Do they know when it will be back in stock ?
Or if it will come again at all ?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Voucher sounds great
Then I redeem the independently with the new order
Thanks for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long will the shipment itself take?
I have already cut my finger
This is an absolute impudence
At least 100 killed by tornadoes in Kentucky
A devastating storm system has seen numerous tornadoes pass through the United States.
In Kentucky alone, there could be more than 100 deaths.
The images from there are reminiscent of a war zone.
In the night to Saturday, several tornadoes have caused severe devastation in the U.S. and possibly claimed up to a hundred lives.
The storms left a trail of destruction some 320 kilometers long, especially in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor, Andy Beshear, said after a visit to the disaster area that everywhere the tornado had ripped through, everything was gone.
Houses, businesses, government buildings - just gone.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It's hard to imagine that's even possible.
He expects up to a hundred dead in the state of Kentucky alone, with official numbers rising by the hour.
Hello, I just saw that they showcase #NAME# is sold out.
That is a pity.
Is it still in production?
Or is it completely out of stock?
Is there a possibility to order this showcase in another country?
When will you get back to me?
If the delivery can not be made to my apartment, I have to cancel the order !
I understand that, only can I order the blanket now and have it delivered to Germany, which is in the shopping cart?
I had used the contact form to return an item or post a return and wanted to inquire if it arrived or is being processed, as I have not yet received a CONFIRMATION.
Companies pay vaccination premiums and change advertising slogans
While the federal government continues to reject proposals for a vaccination premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative themselves and are offering their employees cash premiums for vaccination.
This puts them in line with the social partners ÖGB and the Chamber of Commerce, which today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
The redesign of advertising slogans into calls for vaccination - following the German model - is also intended to increase willingness to have Corona vaccinated.
He has moved to a company he has been railing about.
That doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and see.
It's been a year.
He obviously didn't stick to his old job and looked for something else.
You are allowed to do that.
And the fact that he didn't like you back then: well, never mind.
He didn't like his job either.
There are too many variables.
Please record the cancellation.
That will be legally relevant then, after all.
I'm making a screen shot.
Good day - I am interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Does it come in large 230cm?
We carry all Smeg kitchen appliances and related accessories in our online store kitchenpoint.de.
We always check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new Smeg fully automatic coffee machine brings freshly ground coffee into your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matte colors in combination with the matt brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG fully automatic coffee machine with milk frother a design object.
In keeping with the reduced design, all functions such as grind and water quantity, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with just four buttons.
Thanks to the steam lance, coffee-milk and milk foam specialties can also be prepared.
Help with first own campaign
Congratulations to Boron!
I am currently running the adventure Over the Griffin's Pass for a group of 4 friends and would like to seamlessly lead my heroes into a campaign written specifically for the players.
We are playing DSA 5.
The big arc is done, the villains and their motivations written, the individual acts thought out, and now I'm in the process of writing the introductory adventure and tripping over my own feet at the very first Encounter.
The premise is that the heroes are to take a wagonload of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near Lake Thuran.
There the rest of the plot is to unfold.
A few miles from the village, a group of goblins is supposed to ambush the heroes.
I want to give the player characters the opportunity to solve the confrontation in different ways: Persuade, Act, Threaten, Spot the danger early, whatever the players can think of.
Group size: 8 ordinary goblins, 2 armed with spears, 6 armed with bows and sabers.
If the heroes don't notice them, the goblins lie in wait for them in a hollow way and flank the cart three on the left and three on the right, armed with bows, while two with spears stop the cart.
If it comes to a fight and the heroes are defeated, I have two possible solutions
1. the heroes are all unconscious and then found and healed by the son of the village sheriff, a half-elf.
The cart is gone, of course.
2. if a defeat is inevitable, this half-elf intervenes with two of his servants and comes to the aid of the heroes in battle.
The cart is still there, everything is great.
How appropriate do you think Deus ex Machina of Solution 2 is?
Is the Encounter too much as an introduction to the adventure?
The group of goblins will play a crucial role later on, so it's not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I didn't expect so many responses, especially so many great suggestions and tips.
I'll definitely take many of your ideas to heart, and I have more confidence in my narratives now too.
I disassembled the lamp again.
And put it back together again.
Unfortunately, it still does not work.
That's why I would still like to send it back
Can you then the Rückscheine zu come, then I can pack the lamp and bring to the #PRS_ORG#.
Save shipping costs and time - and help the environment!
If you need more than one item, please click on "Pay now" only when you have all items in your shopping cart.
This will automatically calculate the combined shipping and you get everything in one package.
By this procedure you save the multiple purchase processing/payment and the environment is happy, because no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel for the delivery of multiple packages are consumed.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule, we send your shipment, if payment is received by 14:00, on the same business day.
To ensure that your package arrives as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is also on your mailbox and your doorbell.
Would you like us to send your package to a Packstation?
Then please select DHL, because only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL packing stations.
We will send you an e-mail with the shipment number, if you have selected DHL or DPD as shipper.
Thus, you can already check from about 22:00 clock, where your package is located.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be pleased if you gave us a positive rating and all five stars in the detailed ratings.
Should it ever happen that not everything went to your complete satisfaction, we would be grateful if you would contact us before you give us a rating.
Only then we have the chance to do everything to make you happy.
We did nothing with the chair.
all of a sudden the crack was there
I just sat on it
Here the lower part, so to speak the part with storage space was damaged.
Is everything then picked up again or only the storage space part?
I am annoyed by Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the season the quality on the German Sky has decreased more and more, so I want to vent a bit with this post.
First of all, today in the middle of the F2 race the broadcast was interrupted to let the F1 pre-reporting start on time.
Although the delayed start and the start accident meant that the schedule was way behind schedule, they still could have shown the last (scheduled) ten minutes as well as the championship decision (!).
Apparently, however, it is the case that for legal reasons F1 has priority and therefore everything else has to be restricted, so Sky DE probably had no choice here.
Still stupid, especially since Sky UK has broadcast the race to the end.
Nevertheless, a small praise: the commentator Olivier Zwartyes has accompanied the difficult situation around the serious accident well.
Then in F1 there was once again ignorance of the rules by the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, so both did not know that it is allowed to change tires under a red flag.
Although this situation already existed in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both only came to the conclusion that Verstappen was allowed to change the tires when there were corresponding radio messages to Hamilton on this subject.
On Sky UK as well as RTL, both commentators knew immediately that this possibility existed for Verstappen.
In my opinion, you should simply know such elementary rules if you commentate on F1 on a pay-TV channel.
It's also not the first guessing game as to what is now possible or mandatory according to the rules, both just have constant uncertainties on the subject of rules.
In general, I don't like the artificial commentary style of Roos, but I admit that it's a matter of taste.
But I seriously like even Heiko Wasser from RTL better.
In addition, there are constant sillinesses that make both of them seem simply unprofessional, like ordering coffee from the (equally clueless) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuHD" from Ralf Schumacher.
Especially the latter brings totally a lot of unrest into the commentary, which he obviously doesn't take seriously.
Last but not least, the advertising simply gets out of hand on Sky, in the final lap Sky is the only station that goes into advertising, as you can listen to on F1TV since only the German audio track has to do without commentary directly after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do that.
Also, these two stations do less advertising in the practice sessions than Sky, and that as a free TV station.
While you have to praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, that alone doesn't let me overlook the drawbacks.
The rest of Sky Sport F1's programming is also very poor and full of repeats.
All in all, Sky really is the worst German-language broadcaster to broadcast F1.
Unironically, RTL does a better job with the four races they are still allowed to broadcast, except for the commercials.
So anyway, the grandiose F1 season is much less fun than it would be with a decent broadcaster.
I would be interested in your opinion.
Here's to this one: #PRS_ORG# pendant light, brass and multicolored glass x 1.
Hello, I have an item that was supposed to be delivered last week and it is still not delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and so far nothing.
The first lady told me it would be shipped on Monday, the second lady told me yesterday she would check and send an email and she never responded.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on 12/12/19.
One of them has already shown a defect after a relatively short time (the fabric has a hole at the front part of the chair).
I ask for support.
Fan pumps are excellent for providing additional oxygen to an aquarium.
It is also possible to operate a filter system via airlift.
This series is offered by us in 3 variants.
Look at the end of the offer in the table.
There you can see the performances in comparison.
If the pumps are strong enough, you can operate whole systems with it.
If you have a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are suitable, so that you can connect several outlets.
The MK series has one, two or four outputs, depending on the model fan pump are also suitable to set an accent in the aquarium, for example, with an air curtain (you can find in our store) or with a decor, which convert the air bubbles into a function.
Here would be a treasure chest, shell or similar.
The MK-series has a special soundproof construction and thus ensures low operating noise.
The installation is very simple.
The fan pump is connected by means of an air hose 4/6 mm to an outlet or similar...and you are ready to go.
The fan pump should be the same or higher than the water level and should be placed outside.
If the fan pump is lower than the water level, a check valve should be placed in between.
Simply cut the air hose and place the valve in between.
This would prevent, if once water would run backwards, that the water from the basin runs through the pump....
If the fan pump is to be installed outdoors, it should be covered and protected from moisture, just like other air pumps.
The pumps of the MK series are pure power packs, which consume little energy.
Even though here in ebay we state the turnaround time as 3 days, we pack daily and the packages are also picked up here daily.
If everything goes well on the road, it goes very quickly.
We just want to prevent a little so that no one is disgruntled just because it took a little longer once.
It would be so, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in the forwarding business...of course here no Corona stops.
Please do not immediately rate badly just because the delivery is delayed, this is solely due to the parcel services.
One scolds naturally gladly over these services, even if we say at the moment,...they have it damn heavily
This is also very different regionally.
Be angry with no one, stay healthy and we all hope that there are also better times again.
how long does it take to order the yellow with and without armrest?
Is it possible to order the legs in light color?
Amazon founder Bezo sends astronaut daughter and presenter into space
The daughter of the first U.S. man in space, a TV host and four other passengers took a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by the rocket system "New Shepard" of the company Blue Origin of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Takeoff and landing of the approximately ten-minute flight took place in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky, Bezos himself welcomed the newly crowned astronauts upon their return.
"Welcome back," Bezos said, clad in a blue spacesuit, as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
Amid applause from friends, family members and Blue Origin employees, the six passengers climbed out one by one and hugged the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they traveled for ten minutes and 13 seconds, reaching an altitude of 107 kilometers.
74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of Alan Shepard (1923-1998) who flew into space as a Nasa astronaut in 1961 and after whom Blue Origin's rocket system is named, and 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were the company's guests of honor; the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: space engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not disclose how much they each paid for their ticket.
Laura Shepard Churchley recalled her father's mission after the short flight.
She said he had to work hard on his missions and do everything himself.
She was just along for the ride, the 74-year-old said with a laugh.
Michael Strahan also expressed his enthusiasm.
He would love to go back into space right now, the presenter said.
"New Shepard" flies up to an altitude of 100 kilometers
The "New Shepard" rocket system flies largely automatically.
The capsule, which separated from the rocket during the flight, reached an altitude of about 100 kilometers above the Earth, at times with weightlessness, before the reusable object landed again braked by large parachutes.
The International Aeronautical Association and many other experts consider 100 kilometers above Earth to be the limit for space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was Blue Origin's third manned space excursion: on the first in July, Amazon founder Bezos himself was on board, along with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former U.S. pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second, in October, featured 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, who became world famous for his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek," as well as former Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, entrepreneur Glen de Vries and Blue Origin deputy chief Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of pushing the space tourism business largely without scientific research interests for the good of humanity and without regard for the climate.
At the touch of a button, you easily preselect whether your "Smart Stone" should glow permanently in one color or play through its entire color repertoire.
Set to color change, the light stone retains a light color for about a minute before gently transitioning to the next decorative hue.
The solid construction of the "Smart Stone" luminaire proves its worth outdoors all year round.
In snowy surroundings, its light even does particularly well - only shortened light duration is to be expected as soon as the days turn out to be shorter.
In winter, just make sure that snow does not impair the function of the solar module.
"Smart Stone" uses a NiMh battery in the common Mignon ("AA") format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can purchase a suitable replacement battery from our webshop to further extend the useful life of your decorative light.
High-gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, especially for the design of rims, wheel covers, paintable plastic parts with appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product DUPLI-COLOR offers for the first time a wipe and weather resistant chrome spray.
The optimum effect is achieved on a black base, e.g. by pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as single can and in set incl. Effect Primer and dusting cloth for optimal preparation of the paint.
For use on metal, wood, glass, paintable hard plastics, stone.
Perfect that matches :) don't I need to attach anything else?
You only need the tracking number with my mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or has studied biochemistry
I am currently studying biochemistry in the first semester and actually find the subject quite exciting and even standing in the laboratory does not bother me (I have already completed the inorganic chemistry internship).
Of course, I have informed myself about career prospects before I started my studies, but at that time I still thought that I would definitely like to study up to my doctorate.
At the moment, however, I have doubts, especially about the career prospects.
On the one hand (Studycheck etc.) one hears again and again super occupation chances and the occupation is totally looked for, on the other hand one hears again and again from unemployed biologists and unbelievably badly paid places.
Therefore I would be really interested:
1) What are you currently working as?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What did you study/what kind of education did you do?
4) Would you do the whole thing again?
Thank you very much for your answers!
I'm really unsure at the moment and am thinking about dropping out of my studies in 2022 and doing an apprenticeship as an IT specialist.
If you have any experience, please write to me :)
Extra stress before vacations & holiday weekends
This topic came up for me last week.
However, I now had to use my long weekend to unwind from it.
That's why only now a post about it.
Not only before big vacations, like the Christmas vacations, there is a lot of stress in our company.
It seems that there's also stress before holidays plus bridge days.
Last week was Assumption Day, which is called "Ascension Day" in Switzerland.
On Friday, most people and companies have a bridge day, which is therefore semi-official.
So last week we had a long 4-day-weekend.
So what went on last week?
Stress everywhere.
Lots of e-mails that absolutely had to go out before Ascension Day, orders here and there, all of them *conditionally* before the long weekend.
Because... yes because?
Because "next week then" sounds like so much time and that's not allowed?
Or because people seriously want to accomplish as much in a shortened week as in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed out on Wednesday, but I was also really annoyed.
What is this self-congratulation about holidays?
Why do we still have holidays if we are not allowed to enjoy them properly?
Mind you, the stress didn't come from above, the colleagues were all in such a mood on their own.
My question is simple: Is it just us, the Swiss?
Is this our reformed-evangelical way?
Or do you also know this in the north?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her home state of Thuringia - but doesn't have any presents yet.
"The nice thing, even if there is no snow in Erfurt, then you just go to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest," said the actress and singer Hit Radio FFH.
She said she will get in the mood for the holiday by baking and crafting cookies with her son.
"I love that," Catterfeld said.
But she still has a lot to do before the reflective days: "For the first time, I don't have any presents yet, I finally have to get going."
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth process of moulting and new plumage formation.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 µg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of plumage damage occurring in bird keeping is exclusively due to nutritional deficiencies.
Since the plumage consists of protein-containing substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein nutrition of the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a flawless plumage.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily diet must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
A large proportion of animal losses that occur during molting are due to inadequate or unbalanced protein intake and/or insufficient supply of vitamins and minerals.
In the composition of NEKTON-Bio, the unfavorable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feeds is explicitly taken into account and balanced.
No other vitamin supplement should be administered during the use of NEKTON-Bio.
NEKTON-Bio is cold water soluble and can easily be administered via drinking water or soft feed.
Thank you very much, I found it
Still not working unfortunately
GDR handmade model old building electric locomotive E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the locomotive was in use in Silesia and Central Germany, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of Modelleisenbahner ME issue 11/1968, used with traces of play and missing parts see photos, function good, The class E 95 is a heavy freight electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal block trains in the Silesian network, possibly the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
One of the locomotives is in the DB Museum in Halle (Saale) and is being refurbished for operation.
In 1924, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft commissioned AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive that would be capable of hauling 2,200-ton coal trains and 530-ton passenger trains at 45 km/h cruising speed on this line.
The maximum speed required was 65 km/h.
Thus, in March 1926, the DRG decided on delivery as a 1'Co+Co1' locomotive with tatzlager propulsion AEG was to supply the mechanical part and Siemens-Schuckertwerke the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which were given the road numbers E 95 01-06.
All of them survived the Second World War and subsequently found themselves on the territory of the later GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives were sent to the Soviet Union as reparations.
They returned to Germany by November 1952.
At the Reichsbahn repair facility in Dessau, it was determined that all six locomotives were worthy of refurbishment.
[4] When an increasing need for locomotives for heavy freight service arose as the re-electrification of the Central German network progressed, the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were reconditioned in 1959, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts donors.
Initially, the E 04, E 44 and E 94, which were available in larger numbers, were given priority.
It was only when it became clear that the number of E 94s could not be increased any further that the E 95s became the focus of refurbishment.
[4]Initially, the locomotives were stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren depot.
They were transferred to the Halle P depot in 1960.
They were used in a separate rotation schedule mostly in front of coal trains from the Geiseltal in the direction of Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
The complicated control system of the locomotives proved to be problematic with increasing age.
It often happened that contactors got stuck during switching operations.
In such cases, the stevedore, who was always riding on the locomotive, had to use a hammer and a wooden wedge to loosen the contactors again while the locomotive was in motion.
Damage to the traction motors occurred frequently and led to months of locomotive downtime.
[5] Since there were enough new-build locomotives available at the end of the 1960s and a significant expansion of electric operation was not planned at that time, the Reichsbahn was able to dispense with old locomotives and with most of the splitter classes, so that the E 95s were taken out of service.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn wanted electric locomotives to be manned only by one man, which would have resulted in a problem in train operation due to the aforementioned difficulties with the machines and the visibility from the cab.
[5] After the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were withdrawn from service in mid-1969, they were followed by the E 95 01, which left service on October 5, 1970.
The intended new designation 255 001 was thus never used.
With the exception of the E 95 02, all locomotives were dismantled.
The E 95 02 was installed as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a point heating system at Halle main station.
It took some time before those responsible at the Reichsbahn could be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the locomotive's exterior began to be refurbished with the goal of being able to present it at a vehicle show at the RAW Dessau.
[Since then, it has belonged to the Dresden Transport Museum as a non-operational museum locomotive.
In 1986, the interior of the locomotive was completed.
The locomotive is now in the care of the DB Museum in Halle (Saale).
Since 1995, employees of the Traditionsgemeinschaft Bw Halle P have been working on the operational refurbishment of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive was able to be presented for the first time for an exhibition at the Arnstadt Museum-Bw with a new interior and exterior paint scheme, with the transformers having been checked and five traction motors being operational.
-The locomotives were in service until 1945 on the Silesian Mountain Railway and the branching branch lines, where they proved their worth due to their reliable propulsion and low maintenance requirements.
In February 1945, the locomotives were relocated to Leipzig to the Central German network.
The main area of operation was initially Silesia.
Handbuilt model H0 in OVP, function good, optical rework on the locomotive in own work is necessary, dusted, with traces of play, cellar smell !!!, very rare handbuilt model, very small edition- possibly the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and storage traces.
Yes the F parts are
I have received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with one part.
The center beam is held by two feet..unfortunately they are too narrow and the beam cannot be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
I can not assemble the bed.
The center beam is held by two feet, unfortunately these are produced incorrectly.
The center beam does not fit in the holder provided.
So I get new ones sent.
When will they be sent out?
no not flat ones.
These are, according to the assembly instructions the correct of the form, they were only too narrow.
But that does not matter.
The main thing is that they serve their purpose
For me they are not flat
Could I have them sent to me?
Hello #NAME#, do you want me to explain the problem again?
Residential fire with two light injuries and high damage
Two people were slightly injured in a fire in a residential building in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, an estimated damage in the six-digit euro range has arisen, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had probably spread from a carport to the adjacent residential house in Kinsau (Landsberg am Lech district).
Two residents were brought to the hospital with light smoke inhalation according to the information on Sunday.
The exact cause of the fire was initially unknown, but the police did not assume that the fire was set intentionally.
The Criminal Investigation Department Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigation.
But it arrives much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To debunk fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin published on the social network "LinkedIn" a photo of his first vaccination in early 2021
Biontech CEO Uğur Şahin had not publicly commented on his vaccination status until now.
Now the entrepreneur published a photo showing his Corona vaccination.
A friend's illness prompted him to do so, Şahin shared.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz-based company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing him receiving a vaccination against the corona virus.
There was misinformation on social media that I was supposedly not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I have received 3 doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine," Şahin wrote in a post on the network "LinkedIn" on Friday.
"For several months, friends have been urging me to post a photo of me being vaccinated to counter these false rumors."
So far, he said, he has refused because the communication should not be about himself.
But a phone call last week changed his mind, he said, "I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is battling a severe Covid 19 disease and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family were not vaccinated, Şahin wrote further.
He did not ask why.
"However, the most common cause seems to be fear, which is often fueled by misinformation and mistrust."
Fear is difficult to combat with facts, he said, so sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
An interview with Deutsche Welle is circulating on the Internet in which Uğur Şahin says he has not been vaccinated.
However, the video was made in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself also clarified.
"I am currently not legally allowed to get the vaccine myself," Şahin said at the time.
He added that there was prioritization in Germany when it came to vaccinating the vaccine.
In the meantime, the prioritization has been lifted for a long time - and the Biontech boss has had himself vaccinated three times, according to his own information.
Fire in transformer station: Tens of thousands of people without electricity
The lights went out in several communities in North Rhine-Westphalia on Friday evening: no more electricity and in many cases probably no heating either.
A fire had paralyzed a substation.
After a fire caused severe damage to a substation, tens of thousands of people in the Rhine-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia were left without electricity for around 24 hours.
The fire caused the lights to go out for 41,000 affected residents in several communities on Friday evening.
The utility Westnetz reported that numerous emergency generators were in operation on Saturday until the widespread disruption could finally be completely repaired late in the evening.
Firefighters and helpers from the THW provided support in the communities.
The authorities offered childcare places in schools and called for neighborhood help.
The utility thanked those affected for their patience and the helpers for their efforts.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant restrictions.
We would also like to thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire departments and the THW for their tireless efforts," said the head of primary technology, Florian Witt, in a statement on Saturday evening.
Repairing the damage will take several more days, as Westnetz assemblers were initially only able to put some lines back into operation provisionally, he explained.
According to the company, a technical defect led to the fire.
Electricity flows again
According to Westnetz, the fire, which broke out at around 7:15 p.m. on Friday, severely damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switchgear at the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid substation.
Extensive cleaning and repair work is necessary there.
At the same time, a connection to a 30,000-volt voltage level was created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply has been restored.
Since 6 p.m. on Saturday, more than 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had electricity again.
A further 20,000 inhabitants of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually connected from 9.30 p.m. onwards.
Since 23.15 o'clock also those still last of the loss concerned would have current.
More than 80 fitters from Westnetz and partner companies were on duty.
After setting up an emergency power supply for important buildings at noon on Saturday, the authorities had also called on neighbors to help.
"What is important now is that citizens look after elderly or single people in their neighborhoods and report to local fire stations if help is needed," explained District Administrator Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
When it came to setting up and operating emergency generators, the focus was primarily on residents of retirement homes.
In addition, according to authorities, temporary care spaces were set up in schools for those people who were unable to care for themselves or who needed power-dependent medical equipment or were dependent on medical care.
Good day!
Unfortunately, the ceiling is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy it from you and pay in Euro?
It is the bedspread #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you also have a nice day and please stay healthy ♡
But I can not mount the underframe on the table top.
It is custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions of these.
We wanted those with table top diameter of #NUMBER#.
we got 155cm diameter.
Today my #PRS_ORG# arrived, however, I can't telescope it and thus shorten it.
Can you help me further with this?
Otherwise I would have to send it back as it is not fit for purpose.
I would appreciate feedback
yes that is really easier!
Then let's do it this way!
will you send me the return voucher by mail?
the repair is now finished.
This I had already tried before the chat.
However, I had not restarted the E-#PRS_ORG# before buying it.
Should I do that now?
I find such a low credit almost outrageous.
We do not agree with this
Nordic combined: Combined Riiber wins
German Nordic combined athletes Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid sprinted to the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
The duo had to admit defeat once again to the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started with a large lead after ski jumping in the cross-country.
Return of order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes we both s made new and use version 4.5....
it could be that you have heard of problems before.
Have directly with my #PRS_ORG#, a book bought it seems to be also on it.
As soon as I want to open it comes the message, oops!
This document could not be opened.
File may be corrupted contact customer service.
As far as I can tell it is a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can you help me?
Chat connection is gone and now?
I also have to work in between!
To ensure that the paint application is even and clean, you should clean the components with a little soapy water to remove dust, grease and fingerprints, rinse with clear water and dry.
Before you apply a new color to the model with the brush for the first time, it is advisable to practice 2 or 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the component, which will not be visible later, or on a yogurt pot.
The first stroke on the part
Draw the brush evenly stroke by stroke.
Slight overlapping of the paint layers ensures an even surface later.
Avoid wiping the brush quickly back and forth.
This creates unrealistic-looking surfaces.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the light colors.
Otherwise, the darker colors may show through later.
Metal tones and metallic colors come at the very end with a separate brush.
Otherwise, unsightly metallic streaks may result when they mix with normal colors.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before you assemble them.
Decals or decals give the models a true-to-the-original look.
From national emblems on airplanes to ship names to trim and license plates on car models: The decals give the model the final touch.
Apply the decals in the correct order while the parts are still easily accessible.
An aircraft cockpit is easier to decal before it is installed in the fuselage.
Even more important than the right tools like scissors, tweezers and toothpicks are time, patience and a steady hand.
Cut out each decal you need individually and lay them out.
Decals are also called water decals because you wet the back of the decal with water until the backing paper darkens.
Then you slide the decal just a little bit off the paper and put the decal on the appropriate place on the model (which you also moistened before).
While holding the decal on the model with a tool, pull the backing paper off to the side.
Caution: Always check that the decal is properly in place before you pull it completely off the paper so that it does not stick to your finger, wrinkle or even tear.
Vacuum up excess water with a household cloth.
Attention not suitable for children under 3 years
I can open a book only briefly, as soon as I look for something else then I do not read the book any more and must log out and log in and load the book again and look for the place up to where I have read.
AM Saturday I have already communicated with you before.
Do I get this by email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp arrived to me in 3 single packages
ok anyway thanks a lot!
then I will buy somewhere else as soon as the money is back.
But do I get that back without any problem?
Infertility treatment with PKV / What is an "insured event"?
Hello everyone,
we were some time in fertility treatment, now when it comes to the settlement with the PKV, it suddenly crosses.
First things first:
We had applied for the infertility treatment in advance with the PKV and got the promise of 3 attempts.
The attempts were not limited in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to a successful pregnancy and birth and was settled with the PKV.
Some time later, we tried to have a second child, and performed 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but did not yet bill PKV for them.
We again applied to PKV for coverage and were again granted 3 more attempts.
After a few more attempts (we performed more attempts than promised, logically settle the most expensive ones with the PKV) we submitted the invoices to the PKV and got the nasty surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3) the PKV wants to reimburse only 3 attempts.
The reason: With the pregnancy/birth the remaining 2 attempts of the first promise expire.
The second attempt is a new insurance case.
According to the terms and conditions, however, "The insured event begins with the medical treatment, it ends when the need for treatment no longer exists."
The questions to the experts in the round here:
* Who is right here, the PKV (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or we (there are 5 attempts to reimburse)?
* Should the PKV have informed us in the promises that with a birth the further attempts expire?
* Is the wish for a second child really a new insured event?
The infertility (caused by blocked fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts here would give their opinion.
Thank you very much for your help!
Can you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how I can best reach them again
All right.
We will not order anything more from them.
If you add up the sales of me and my friend #NAME# (same address), you have obviously lost good customers.
Feel free to pass that on to your manager.
This is not competitive.
Yesterday, the colleague told me that the repayment has been initiated and now you are telling me that I have to send the thing back first.
It's not my fault that the chest of drawers arrives completely disturbed.
Please see in the screenshot what the colleague has written
It clearly states that the refund has been initiated and I still have not received a refund via #PRS_ORG#.
You can tell your manager that you have now lost two regulars.
My friend also ordered various furniture for our apartment through his account.
Now we will not do that anymore.
No, the defect occurred only after a few months.
An office chair must withstand normal use.
Otherwise, they are not allowed to sell it as an office chair.
Regardless, the warranty of 24 months applies.
No, it is not possible for me to procure another type of packaging.
I will be able to dismantle the cabinet and make it available to the transport company in this way.
Good day, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG#.
These products are advertised with additional stools to purchase, but unfortunately we can not find them with you.
Can you help?
Topic of the week: The best low-budget films
There is no general definition of what exactly a low-budget film is with exact budget limits.
Wikipedia has the following to say about it:
>A **low-budget film** or **low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
On the web you can find many lists of low-budget films, for example on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know any interesting representatives of this category?
What appeals to you?
And what don't you like at all?
Am a very good customer of yours, have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
Wanted to ask the best price for the gray leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended once again, is this now also reliable?
Thanks a lot
With kind regards
Gibts there no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30min is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes in the waiting position...I give up then soon again times, because it just does not work here.
Hello
"Half victory" against Belarus comes at a high cost to the EU
The EU can declare a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime, according to political expert Raphael Bossong.
But the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees at Belarus" border with Poland and Lithuania, Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
In the long term, the EU has not solved the confrontation, said the researcher from the Berlin-based Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik (SWP).
This state of limbo - Belarus is not completely giving in, but the EU feels like a winner - is likely to continue for a while.
The treatment of people at the border is not in line with the European Convention on Human Rights, Bossong judged.
Apparently, there is an "increasing normalization of pushbacks" by individual EU governments, he said.
Since the EU as a whole is not resolutely opposing this, this is happening at the expense of fundamental rights.
At the same time, he said, this development weakens cohesion in the Union.
"It obviously cannot prevail when a member state gets it into its head to do its thing," as is currently the case with Poland, which does not even allow the EU border protection agency Frontex access to its border.
Moreover, the EU is paying another price for its policy on the border with Belarus, Bossong said, adding that a fundamental agreement on asylum policy is becoming more difficult because the "border protection, border protection, border protection" line has been strengthened.
Another attempt to cross the border
Meanwhile, according to Poland's border guards, migrants have again attempted to cross into Polish territory via Belarus.
Fifty-five migrants were detained Sunday night and taken back to the border, a spokeswoman for the agency said Sunday.
The Polish officers were pelted with stones by the migrants during the incident not far from the village of Czeremsza, she said.
According to reports, one soldier was hit in the face and had to receive medical treatment from a military doctor.
In total, the Border Guard registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
Already on Friday evening, a group of 28 migrants had crossed the border barriers.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan had crossed or attempted to cross the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko, as ruler in Minsk, of luring them with the prospect of entering the EU.
Poland and Lithuania sealed off sections of the border, according to press reports.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines bringing migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU commissioners traveled to people's countries of origin to stop departures there.
The most effective element of the EU response has been pressure on airlines, Bossong said.
"That's where the EU has brought its market power to bear and shown its determination to operate with hardball and extraterritorial sanctions."
Minsk must also consider domestic political costs, he said.
Belarusian society is arguably not attuned to the security apparatus regularly funneling thousands of people through the country, he said.
Mercedes protests after controversial Formula One final.
Max Verstappen is alleged by Mercedes to have committed two breaches of the rules during the race.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula 1 final in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has lodged an objection.
The Silver Arrows suspect not one but two rule breaches in the final Grand Prix of the year.
One protest relates to an alleged infringement by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull during the final safety car phase, when he is said to have overtaken in contravention of the rules.
A second protest was lodged against the scoring at the end of the race.
In Mercedes' view, the protocol was not followed according to the rules.
Verstappen had still overtaken Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the last lap and had raced to his first Formula 1 title.
The maneuver took place shortly after the end of a safety car period in which the Dutchman had overtaken cars in front of him.
I check it out.
I'll talk to the bank and get back to you.
thanks for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park hosts SC Freiburg fan day
Europa-Park, the namesake of Sport-Club Freiburg's Europa-Park Stadium, has issued an invitation to the SC Freiburg Fan Day.
According to the park, members and season ticket holders of the Sport-Club from Breisgau as well as members of the fan community were allowed to visit Europa-Park for free on this day.
Additionally, there were vouchers for drinks and sausages.
The roller coaster trains shone red and white on this day due to the jerseys.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop," the park said.
The cooperation between the Bundesliga club and the amusement park located in Rust, 40 kilometers north of Freiburg, has already existed since the early 1990s.
The first SC Freiburg fan day at Europa-Park showed again how well the partnership fits.
Seeing beaming fans having fun together on the roller coaster confirms that," says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
why is that €#NUMBER# and not 1699€ as originally ?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen has done it.
The Dutchman clinches his first world championship title in the Red Bull in his seventh year in Formula 1.
His path to the summit of the premier class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen squanders the karting world championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen angrily leaves him at a gas station on the return trip.
His mother Sophie Kumpen picks up the teenager in the car behind.
2014, England: Red Bull's junior team gets promising new blood in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old follows in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
At the time, he will continue to race in European Formula 3 for the time being.
2015, Australia: Verstappen becomes the youngest driver in history to start a Grand Prix at the age of 17 years and 166 days.
Due to a defect, he has to park his Toro Rosso early in Melbourne.
2015, Malaysia: At 17 years and 180 days, Verstappen, then a Toro Rosso driver, is also the youngest race driver to score points in Formula 1.
Verstappen finishes seventh at the Malaysian Grand Prix in Sepang.
2016, Spain: In his first race for Red Bull, Verstappen wins straight away.
At 18 years and 228 days, he sensationally becomes the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history in Barcelona.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his pole debut in Budapest - but he is not the youngest.
At 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The peak is reached.
Verstappen celebrates his first world championship title at the Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi at the age of 24 - with an overtaking maneuver against Hamilton on the final lap. dpa
I already had a huge hassle with you back in #NUMBER# when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# dresser.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim
As part of the reading series "LiteraTour Nord", author Judith Hermann read from her current novel "Daheim" on Friday in the sold-out Blue Note and also acted as moderator.
She is divorced, lives in a house on the coast and listens sensitively to the nocturnal sounds at her front door.
I posted the contact form yesterday to return an item, but did not receive an email confirmation or anything.
My question would be if my request was received.
Not everyone has the time for your dopey chat and wrongly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake you fix and not all from our household.
Contact Ms #NAME#.
I can not chat with them every day
We had chatted yesterday and agreed that I or Mrs. #NAME# would get an email with a 60 euro voucher, a reorder of the #PRS_ORG# nightstand and a return label.
This email did not come so far.
I would like to bring the package to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
With kind regards
The LokSound 5 decoder can play up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bit / 31250 kHz and finally offers HiFi quality on your system.
There is practically no difference to the original audible.
A Class-D audio power amplifier with up to 3W output power drives the speakers, which may have between 4 Ohm and 32 Ohm impedance.
The huge 128 Mbit sound memory provides enough capacity.
All individual sounds can be individually adjusted in volume.
The super-flexible sound engine without a rigid schedule allows prototypically accurate simulation of all conceivable rail vehicles.
Three separately adjustable brake functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry but just because he says he is not an anti-semite means nothing.
That's like an afdler saying he has nothing against foreigners.
Their i admit it both will not.
But Kollegah constantly reproduces any anti-Semitic messages.
If you want to distance yourself then you should just leave it completely.
Yes wow then you are similarly little to be taken seriously as Kollegah.
Who seriously questions the evolution in principle is simply completely lost.
Because of me, a god has brought the whole thing in motion.
But as soon as you are a creationist you have to believe that the earth is 10,000 years old and science only nonsense verzapft.
And with that you are an enemy of science and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah.
To get an optimal field of view, the magnifier should be moved as close as possible to the eye.
The specially aplanatic-achromatic designed lens system allows you to use the loupe practically free of distortion and color errors up to the peripheral zone.
Magnifiers are often marked with magnification specifications.
However, these specifications only apply to precisely defined conditions, which rarely correspond to the conditions of use.
In order to be able to use your loupe optimally, we ask you to observe the information in the "Technical data" table (see instructions for use in the packaging).
Light reflections occur on the lens surfaces of all optical instruments, including single-vision magnifiers.
An anti-reflective coating significantly reduces these reflections.
If the optimum conditions of use are maintained - magnifier close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less perceptible.
Further instructions can be found in the enclosed instructions for use (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Magnifier Credit Card Magnifier Magnification Pocket Magnifier Reading aid
Whether as a reading aid for on the go or simply for everyday tiny things: The Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And its hard coating makes it robust against the particular stresses and strains of everyday life.
Each magnifier comes with a credit card case for storage and safe transport.
You are bidding on these items, which you can see in the pictures or is described under "What are you bidding on".
In what condition is the offered item?
Everybody can of course miss something once, because no human being is free of mistakes - should this be the case, just write a message and it will be clarified to your full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial refund or complete refund).
You will receive a proper invoice.
Shipped is always, if not expressly requested otherwise by the buyer, insured with shipment number by DHL!
The individual shipping costs, please refer to the above shipping conditions.
There are no additional handling costs.
ok say all uthorized, how can I check more accurately?
yes both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do very nice and good service, took time to get to a person though, you were super
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# team,
I have already contacted you under the customer contact number #PHONENUMBER#.
yes, but it said before.
They can't ship from England because of #PRS_ORG#.
Fir sale in Schönwolde: In the municipality of Krembz, women select the Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has experienced many a curious situation at the fir tree sale.
Once, a man is said to have gone home without his partner because the two could not agree.
Every year, he plants a good 2,000 of them.
The 56-year-old has already experienced many a curious situation.
That always makes the pre-Christmas period a little funny, he says.
And that with the voucher??
Otherwise I'm gone as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and now paid full price for it.
Then I will also rate this accordingly!
We don't need to debate the better dish here, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat that is grilled on a rotating spit.
And both have their name from that.
In German, an equivalent might be something like the "Dreher," which sounds nowhere near as delicious.
Problems with fiber + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have had a new fiber connection in the house for a few weeks.
Unfortunately, I am now having problems setting up a stable wifi network.
Previously I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which received and sent out 50 Mbit flawlessly except for a few dropouts.
The new fiber connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and at the DLan module connected to the FritzBox, these also arrive.
However, at the other DLan module, which sends out the Wifi, the full 500 no longer arrive, but the further I move away in the house with the module, the less arrives (i.e. use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module). rooms away from the other module).
As a result, with the new fiber connection, the internet is now even slower on the second floor than before (\~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic set, which yes apparently uses new technology.
This one was slightly better than the DLan, but again there were similar big losses.
Could someone explain to me why so much internet speed is "lost" over the power line with fiber?
And is LAN really the some solution?
It would be extremely costly to lay LAN cables in the house.
I'm really desperate, which is why I created an account here.
Therefore, I would be even more pleased about an answer.
When it's time to change checking accounts
Anyone who thought that the current accounts would be quiet for the time being is mistaken.
While many banks have used the fall to have their customers reconfirm past fee increases with all kinds of tricks, the allowances for negative interest continue to fall.
Deutsche Bank, for example, was long considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now it has halved the allowance and even quartered it for overnight deposits.
In a first step, the limit was lowered only for customers of the Postbank Group division - to 50,000 euros for checking and investment accounts and to 25,000 euros for overnight deposit accounts.
In the meantime, however, these lower allowances apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesman confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for "newly concluded individual agreements with existing customers."
Commerzbank had previously gone down to a limit of 50,000 euros, which still applies, as it did at ING Germany.
The direct bank DKB, which is particularly popular with cost-conscious customers, has lowered the allowances in two stages, first to 50,000 euros, and now to 25,000 euros.
After all, more than 100 banks now have an allowance of 25,000 euros or less, according to figures from the Internet portal Verivox.
Sparda-Bank Berlin has also reached 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the consumer centers, which even got right in the first instance before the Regional Court of Berlin against this regulation.
Now the banks are already discussing whether the institutions should possibly form provisions - in case the higher courts also declare the negative interest rates to be inadmissible in principle and many millions have to be paid back to bank customers.
The table top was delivered for 8 persons instead of the one for 6 persons.
The underframe is the one for 6 persons.
Jennifer Aniston employs a whole beauty army
She is now officially at the top of Hollywood.
But her life is like a roller coaster ride.
Jennifer Aniston (52) has been named the most influential woman of the year by US magazine The Hollywood Reporter.
For her, who made a splash in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show," this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and work.
Her appearance is taken care of by a whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers.
After all, says Aniston, she treats herself to a chip a day (yes, read that right: a SINGLE chip from the bag).
That the hearts of the female and male fans nevertheless fly to her equally, is actually a miracle.
Maybe because she's just unlucky - and still looking for the big love.
And has crossed the baby wish off the list.
Previously, she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
That pained her.
The people who asked that have no idea what's going on with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
Lets hope that success and fame also make you happy.
Unworthy end to a career: Räikkönen has to give up
Kimi Raikkonen's farewell from Formula 1 was even quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That was it.
After a driving error and a slight contact with the barriers, Raikkonen had to park his Alfa Romeo at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix less than halfway through the race.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, and the "Iceman" ended his career in motorsport's premier class.
His wife Minttu and their two children also traveled to the United Arab Emirates to say goodbye.
Raikkonen's greatest success was winning the 2007 world championship in a Ferrari.
He managed 21 Grand Prix victories, started from pole 18 times and finished on the podium 103 times. dpa
Friedrich takes 60th World Cup victory - Nolte wins in two-man bobsleigh - Sport
The mark of Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the goal of the bob pilot.
"I've done the math, I'd have to get nine and a half wins per season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who recorded two successes in two days at the races in Winterberg.
First, he fended off Johannes Lochner's attack by five hundredths on Saturday, skiing from third to first.
Then he changed something in the material setting and drove out a larger lead on Sunday with 0.30 seconds.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle) he won ahead of Brad Hall from Great Britain.
Austrian Benjamin Maier finished third.
"We took bigger risks today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also claimed his 22nd win in a row.
Johannes Lochner of Berchtesgaden, who races for Stuttgart, came in fifth this time after finishing second earlier.
Christoph Hafer of BC Bad Feilnbach finished eighth after placing fourth in the first race.
"If I knew what he was doing differently, I would do it the same way," Lochner said.
Nolte with home win - podium for Jamanka
In the women's event, Laura Nolte took her third win of the season in the two-man bobsleigh on her home track.
After finishing fourth in the monobob the day before, she raced to World Cup victory on Sunday in the German triple with pusher Deborah Levi.
Olympic two-man bobsleigh champion Mariama Jamanka of BRC Thuringia finished second with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt of Burghausen.
She recorded her first podium finish this winter in addition to her Olympic qualification.
Kim Kalicki from Wiesbaden finished third with Leonie Fiebig.
For me it was super cool, first podium in the World Cup, I am super happy that Mariama took me.
I am super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the starting times today were okay," said Burghardt and emphasized: "It is not only pushing, but there is also a lot to do around it.
Jamanka was a little annoyed about the not quite flawless rides, but said, "It's going in the right direction."
i already had the blanket in my shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I just did not receive it and therefore could not redeem why I finally asked.
By Corona I had last year completely different problems and never time for it.
And now they said it had expired which makes me very upset.
Look in the chat it was about the Asare bench.
I would like to return it and then order it again since it is currently reduced :)
Why was shipping not started until March 16?
There was nothing about such long delivery time on your website
No only when I tap on it comes an extra field with the message
Was taken down yesterday by your colleague.
Why is this a problem today
I also sent you pictures of the incorrectly delivered would.
But we want the shelf module anyway, just a new undamaged
And not cancel the whole order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY....
Hello dear great girls and girls and women,
I have some what I just want to write and maybe it goes to one - or another so ...
I am 24, have kPTBS, full time student and dog mom - apart from the fact that my dog doesn't scream or go to kindergarten he is actually 1 to 1 my child.
My boyfriend (together for 6yrs) is sick, got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is in therapy now).
Yesterday I visited him because I have emotional needs and because I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him to take a shower (because his hand is in a bandage because of a burn).
On top of that he has a cold and we see each other less at the moment (1-2x week) which makes me very uncomfortable with my needs for affection and love.
My dog child has a stomach ache right now, I cooked for him and now he is lying in his cuddle blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there for him with the heat lamp and stroking.
I live alone with my sister and my mother, and she is away for a month.
Now there is also housework to do, which we share of course.
But cooking by myself is a lot of work for me right now....
My PTSD disease is currently quite well adjusted, I am halfway well treated and get along.
Not well, but I am coping and am almost symptom free.
My university demands a lot (for me), tomorrow at 15h I have a written test for which I haven't done anything yet and the day after tomorrow I have an anatomy lesson for which I should at least prepare something.
And next week I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes then is in my calendar and not in my head because there is no more room.
So my week goes like this: Only until the day after tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But after that the whole thing goes on?
Only until my birthday.
Only until vacations start.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need these mental clues, otherwise I won't be able to cope.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic", but I can't manage it any other way...
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I am infinitely grateful that I don't have to work.
Really infinitely grateful, I can't even put it into words.
Don't know if I would have survived my kptbs otherwise.
I think it also has something to do with mental load of women and that's why I thought I would find fellow sufferers here....
In any case, I wish you a relaxing evening, the week is almost done!
I got my order today unfortunately the whole other color plus surface is scratched and table leg has imprint.
On the first delivery the color was exactly as on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
Now if we will exchange the table I will get other color or how?
The email for cancellation was sent on 12/26 #NUMBER#.
Two times, by the way.
But it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I noticed back in school that many religion teachers don't believe in God and for them it's just another subject like math or geography.
For me that was always a bit strange, maybe also because I was raised Christian and so I always kind of believed.
How do you feel about it?
Maybe you can also tell about work and or study colleagues with different attitudes.
Basically I understand the difference between private and professional and it makes sense to separate.
There is also a curriculum etc.
But it would be strange to have a physics teacher who does not believe in the theory of relativity.
What makes you want to teach religion if you don't believe in it?
Preserving culture or something?
I hope your question is not too private.
Can it not be changed or not?Write gladly English that I also understand well
That is already very long, then I would refrain from it
All right, thank you.
I expect to hear back in a timely manner, no later than early next week.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Film search help please
Hello Dear All,
I am looking for a movie from my childhood (am 24).
I think it was a movie for teenagers.
In the movie there are two timelines (or parallel worlds).
One is the modern age (real world).
On the other hand the past (or the realm of the dead)(not quite sure).
Since I can't describe it in more detail anyway in the real world there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead a young soldier (uniform similar to that of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason the paths cross and a plot develops.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman to this realm in order to be able to live himself, I think.
The passage is also the tomb of the soldier, I think.
In the end, I think both soldiers fight each other.
If this means something to you I am grateful for any answer.
Our little one slept only on her stomach from week 1.
Fast forward: still alive :D
Relax.
A child like that can take a lot more than you think.
Make sure that everything around is right, no cuddly toys, go in and look more often, but no minute supervision.
It's driving you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Oh, and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always a blanket.
Watch your child when he sleeps.
Does he turn his head to the side?
Can it straighten up a bit from the belly?
Or does he lie face first directly in the mattress?
From this you can deduce if everything is okay.
We all grew up and when my husband was born, it was common practice to put the kids on their bellies to sleep.
Besides, we are already "regular customers" with you and have already bought a lot of items
But then why do you offer me only 20EUR?
Hello, I have already written yesterday with a colleague of yours and so far no feedback.
It's about my closet that arrived the day before yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer does not fit in the wardrobe.
Please contact me as soon as possible.
The cabinet is not to be used like this at this time.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself that not everything can be delivered.
And I had a lot of fun with RBTV.
It's just that the politics of this station is now under all sow.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then still go on a big begging tour at the same time.
It was said that one is an "independent" Internet transmitter.
Quote Arno: One does not want to be "a running advertising pillar".
What is one now?
An 0815 advertising station, which tries to bring its BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's Do's & Don'ts.
Which of course apply to everyone except Simon and Etienne.
They may of course continue to insult people.
A Krogmann who completely lacks empathy and tries to make ashes at the expense of the action with the exploded rented rooms.
How should one find all this good?
Great if you like it, I find it terrible.
I ask for recall, because my delivered wooden table was delivered defective.
Body breakage due to damaged delivery of #PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a comforter for a tummy ache or just to cuddle with, My Little Warmth Friend has many uses.
Cherry pit pillows are a traditional home remedy for soothing heat applications, as cherry pits can absorb heat very well and release it again in doses.
The removable inner pillow can be easily heated in the microwave or oven.
The soft cover makes it particularly comfortable to use, so that the little ones feel safe, even if they are not feeling so well.
The cherry pit pillow with cover is suitable as a heat pad exclusively for the following applications:
Before heating the pillow, check for uncharacteristic odor, stick or burn marks and discard immediately if present.
Please remove the inner cushion from the cover before heating!
Heat in the microwave at max. 300 watts for max. 2 minutes (follow the microwave manufacturer's instructions!).
Immediately after heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking it!
Then put the inner pillow back into the cover.
During the first heating, there may be a slight formation of moisture on the surface, but this will disappear with repeated use.
It is imperative that you adhere to the specified heating instructions, as longer times or higher energy levels can lead to damage (risk of ignition and burns!).
Before heating the cushion in the microwave, check that heating of grain products is permitted in the manufacturer's instructions for use.
After placing the heated inner pillow back into the cover, please check the temperature of the pillow for suitability for babies (max. 43 °C) on the crook of your arm!
Do not use the pillow in case of acute and chronic, inflammatory or febrile diseases, circulatory problems, fresh hematomas, bruises and open wounds as well as in case of persons with reduced sensation of pain.
In case of existing skin, heart, vein, diabetes or tumor diseases, as well as pregnancy, please consult a physician before use.
If sutures have opened and loose cores are leaking, dispose of the product and loose cores immediately and out of reach of children.
If the product is used on babies under 1 year of age, the child's temperature should be checked regularly during use to prevent overheating!
All serious incidents occurring in connection with the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country in which the user is established.
The cover is removable and machine washable at 30 °C.
Please pay attention to the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt second after first half - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of a return to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 is working its way out of the bottom of the table.
Ingolstadt is still not doing well under its third coach.
Jubilation in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top match, joy in Hannover over interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the unsuccessful debut under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Yesterday evening my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was no longer charged by my power adapter.
This I bought new about 5 months ago, so should still work.
I thought power supply alone is also sufficient for operation.
Wrong, the battery is empty and the laptop no longer starts despite plugged power supply.
Then I removed the battery, but again nothing happens.
Maybe you have some ideas?
A new battery is ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in mains operation?
Is there something else broken?
Thanks for your help!
I would like the delivery of the #PRS_ORG# to the room.
How can I book that?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
But don't know how high the seat is.....
Often on tour but still carrying a lot of gear?
No problem with the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design!
20 liters of capacity swallow even larger photo equipment without problems, which can be safely stowed with the help of the padded FlexFold dividers.
And whatever else you need for everyday use remains well organized and separable from the photo gear thanks to practical access points in the individually configurable interior.
With the "update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The chic, minimalist design literally has it all - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack while still allowing access to the photo equipment in seconds.
This works in two ways: Once conventionally via the lid flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch closure system, an excellently thought-out solution for effective protection that has already proven itself in the Messenger Bags.
Here, the closure flap houses a metal closure hook with matching anchor bars on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has thereby considered different "filling levels": there are namely 4 anchor bars, stably riveted, in which the closure hook can be hooked.
If the backpack is fully loaded, you simply take the top bar, if it is rather empty, a deeper.
The flap closure and hook are also magnetic.
This means that the backpack can be reliably closed without snapping the hook.
The second option also fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other, photo backpacks: In addition to the lid flap, there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest disadvantage of conventional backpacks with access from the top - you no longer have to dig through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail greatly increases the everyday usability of the backpack: when you're carrying not only your photo gear, but also everyday items or luggage.
In the Everyday Backpack, you can configure the interior individually (more on this below) and thus easily store both separately from each other - and also access them independently through the two side openings.
You can also pull the backpack in front of your body from the right side to access camera gear in the right main compartment, for example, while everyday items stay safely in the left half of the backpack and don't get in the way.
Comfortable, uncomplicated adjustable carrying straps help with this.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made entirely of 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents will stay dry even if you're headed to Scotland in the fall.
Unfortunately, I am waiting in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME# has sent me yesterday an email from confirmation for the order of the
Contact announced on the part of the shipping company to pick up the incorrectly delivered table.
So far I have not received any message.
I ask for immediate processing.
I write now already with the third support coworker, with none I came further than to the promise, which I receive a Mail as confirmation.
It is about the return of the wrong delivered custom #NAME#.
Is it foreseeable when the cabinet could be delivered again?
Keeping it like this is not an option for me....
It works.
Thank you very much for the help
Wish you still a nice evening
hello, my order no. is #NUMBER#. when will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was on 12/1/21.
I was delivered a completely different lamp than I ordered
Please call me
If you extend me the voucher, then I will immediately place a larger order, but at least I kept the damaged piece of furniture and did not return it.
And that the past year went differently than expected I could not have foreseen and just could not redeem and clarify it in time.
But the damage I have as a customer and I do not accept it that way.
Rotinger brake discs are designed to meet the demands of the dynamic driver who appreciates reliability and safety when braking even in difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are made of cast iron and then mechanically machined (drilled and cut).
All tuned discs are manufactured in short series according to individual technical characteristics peculiar to certain discs and patterns.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing, a special manufacturing program is created, which, with the balancing of the disc, is based on the characteristics of the original assembly.
Tuned discs made in this way ensure high comfort and braking efficiency.
Additionally created openings increase the effectiveness of the disc cooling, while the gates improve the cleaning of the brake discs and pads.
Aesthetic features of our tuned discs emphasize the character of each car by attractive and eye-catching appearance.
Coloma is the town where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man discovered luminous chunks in the water at the south fork of the American River.
Although he tried to keep his discovery a secret, the news spread quickly and sparked what became known as the "California Gold Rush" of '49.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest-growing and most prosperous towns in the country.
Areas were staked out, tents pitched, and saloons and hotels sprang up almost overnight.
Everyone wanted their share of the country's wealth.
For many, it was Coloma or Bust!
In this game, you are a pioneer looking for wealth in the West and making a name for yourself.
You'll search for gold, recruit workers, round up horses and build businesses.
You'll also get the opportunity to explore the surrounding river courses and adjacent territories.
You are not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You'll have to outperform your fellow pioneers to avoid going broke with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many paths to victory.
You choose your actions simultaneously, you have to manage your resources and build a tableau that "works" more and more for you (so-called "engine building").
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, get additional actions or turn rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can use fine adjustments to develop your individual play style.
Coloma takes place over a three-year period from 1848 (the year gold was discovered in Coloma), through 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush), to 1850 (the year California gained official statehood).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players will secretly and simultaneously select a location on the map where they can take actions.
Then their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers on the matching locations.
When a location has the most pioneers, it gets a lock!
This disables one half of the location - reducing the possible actions there.
Then players take turns performing actions such as gaining resources, moving wagons, pitching tents, fording rivers, building bridges, opening stores, and positioning gunslingers.
When all actions are completed, the pioneers return.
The praiser rotates to a new location at the beginning of each turn, changing the actions available.
This continues until the bragger has moved five times, covering each location once, and the year ends.
There is a gunfight in which players must defend Coloma from a raid by angry bandits.
If the players have contributed enough gunslingers and outnumber the bandits, they receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they receive lesser rewards or end up in the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shootout, at which point the final scoring takes place.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free shipping I take up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm the shipping method, merchandise shipping (games foiled).
For everything else usually DPD insured and with tracking (games wrapped, with fleece and wrapping paper).
Should you be a collector then I can also send cardboard in the box for an extra charge of 2 euros, that it comes 100% to no pressure points.
"Why children are not bullies" Docu, ARD Mediathek.
CW psychological violence, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentary popped up in my Twitter timeline today, and I watched it right away.
>Child psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a welcome guest on talk shows and gives lectures all over Europe.
His book "Warum unsere Kinder Tyrannen werden" (2008, tr: Why our children are becoming bullies) triggered a heated debate on parenting.
Former patients and guardians are now making serious accusations against him.
Please take care of yourselves, the film is hard to take.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
For us parents and other responsible persons, it must never, never, never! be about power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child free space for his or her development and to make the framework for the child as large as is reasonable and possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shaking.
Holetschek: States discuss abolition of compulsory testing for triple vaccinated persons
The health ministers of the states want to decide at their next meeting on a nationwide elimination of the testing requirement for triple vaccinated.
"We states need clarity quickly on whether and from when the testing requirement can be dropped for triple vaccinated people," Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Conference of Health Ministers, told Bild am Sonntag.
The elimination of 2G plus for triple vaccinated is "not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional vaccination incentive," Holetschek said.
Federal Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised "that he will make a proposal to the Conference of Health Ministers on this as early as next Tuesday." - afp
So I want to send the lamp back
What's the best way to do that?
Hello, I find the #PRS_ORG# chair very beautiful, however I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me out with this?
I can no longer make a purchase through my #PRS_ORG#.
Display: Oops, an error has occurred.
Purchasing via the #PRS_ORG# page on the computer works.
I have updated the account data.
What could be the reason for this?
What you describe is called *awareness*, sensory perceptions under general anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of about 1 in 1000.
The most common is hearing sounds/voices, the least common is seeing images, and the very least common is perceiving pain.
Relevant to this topic: Cesarean sections are surgeries associated with increased rates of awareness because of the avoidance of very deep anesthesia to protect the infant until weaning.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned during the anesthesia preconception interview.
Certain anesthesia procedures such as total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA) are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear all, this comment of mine does correctly describe awareness, however, u/Nitemarex **by definition did not have any.
Misread her comment.
But the chair is defective.
Unfortunately, the 20€ won't help.
These are legal warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be that they take back the defective chair.
This is besides the legal obligation also standard in the field of e-commerce.
Please check again if you at least take back the defective chair.
We will sell the second chair privately.
Since we also lose some money.
I already sent you an email, which you did not answer.
Again the question.
In the order and on the invoice it says that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The carrier is company #NAME#.
I just called them.
I was told that they only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is this the case?
If so, I need to cancel the order as I don't know anyone who can carry the heavy furniture to my second floor.
Am I not going to get a phone call?
I had formulated a question
Theater historian Günther Rühle dies at 97
He distinguished himself as a theater critic and as an artistic director.
Later, he wrote a monumental history of theater.
On Friday, Günther Rühle died at the age of 97.
There is still the new book on the table, hot off the press: "An Old Man Grows Older."
The harrowing diary of a slow farewell to the world that theater historian and journalist Günther Rühle kept until April 2021.
And in the middle of the reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book reads: "I testify here already my life thanks".
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common is Euro pallets, standardized wooden pallets that are used as load carriers primarily in Europe.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association (EPAL).
In 2020, over ten million pallets were produced in Austria, according to data from Statistics Austria.
The production value was a good 79 million euros.
How many pallets are imported into Austria each year is not recorded
New York wins MLS championship for the first time
New York City FC has won the Major League Soccer title for the first time.
After a 1-1 draw in regulation time against host Portland Timbers, the Eastern Conference team decided the final 4-2 in a penalty shootout.
In the Eastern Conference final, New York had prevailed over Philadelphia Union, the team of German Kai Wagner.
Rouladen Tips & Tricks
I got a lot of great tips here a week ago for the perfect goulash.
We had that for Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and buttery!
So thanks again for that :)
Now I have a taste for it and want to cook roulades for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will prepare a beef stock for it.
Other than that, do you guys have any tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a big pot.
What happens now?
What about the books or how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English is not so good anymore, but I can manage that
Iit is about a refund of €#NUMBER#.
I was already informed on 18.01. by mail that the refund was made.
But until today I have not received the money.
Would you please check there.
Where to still find Christmas roast in the Lübeck area
For many people, goose or duck is as much a part of Christmas as the Christmas tree and presents.
You have not yet got poultry?
Now time is running out.
We will tell you where you can still get a Christmas roast in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube power amp contributes significantly to the warmth and fatness of the guitar amp sound.
These characteristics are perfectly realized by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controls you can adjust the desired level on the one hand and the distortion content of your sounds on the other.
Furthermore, the amplifiers of the VT+ series offer a unique POWER LEVEL control, which allows you to reduce the sound level without changing anything in the "gain" and distortion.
As mentioned above, the POWER LEVEL control can even be used to provide a power reserve for when things get outrageously loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL control, the full potential of the VT+ series can be used in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line output.
The signal present here is processed with a speaker simulation, so that you get an eminently "acoustic" sound impression even when using headphones or direct recording.
A CD or MP3 player can be connected to the AUX jack, so you can jam along to your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also buy a VFS5 footswitch, you can also conveniently call up the sounds by foot, switch the effect blocks on/off and "tap" the tempo of the effects that are compatible with it.
This is actually indispensable for live use.
With its new powerhouses, VOX takes another step into the future!
Had seen that but with others so.
Is there then you possibility to send the lamp back?
Since it hangs too low for over a dining table?
So I would like to send it back then.
Can you help me further with this?
And the commode?
Will we get another update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat in the #PRS_ORG# chairs.
If it can't be done, I would be happy with a discount or voucher as well.
I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Only over 1,000 euros for goods I do not need are then but a bit much.
I just received my shipment and would like to know if screws were included as part of the shipment.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) on the hooks provided.
This is not a satisfactory answer and the wait was not worth it
Is there a premium customer status with you?
Iran sees progress in nuclear deal negotiations
Iran says progress is emerging in negotiations to revive the international nuclear agreement.
"Both sides are close to agreeing on the issues that should be on the agenda," Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri told the Irna news agency on Sunday.
He said this was a "positive and important development" because initially there had not even been agreement on the issues to be negotiated.
The agreement is aimed at preventing Iran from building nuclear weapons.
Vienna talks to revive the agreement had resumed Thursday after a nearly week-long hiatus.
Negotiators from Iran, Germany, Britain, China, France and Russia are taking part in the talks.
A U.S. delegation is also on the ground in Vienna, but is only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now Federal State with highest Corona incidence
Thuringia has overtaken Saxony and currently has the highest incidence in Germany.
It is the only federal state to have a figure above the 1000 mark.
Thuringia was the only state in Germany with the Corona incidence on Sunday above the mark of 1000.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day figure as 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which had always had the highest incidence nationwide recently, that figure was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia had fallen slightly, but had also been above the value of 1000.
In Thuringia, 2242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 additional deaths related to infection were reported in one day.
200 people severely ill with Covid-19 were receiving intensive medical care in hospitals on Sunday.
Reporting delays may occur on weekends.
In addition, health departments have been overburdened for weeks and are barely keeping up with recording new cases.
I understand that.
Since delivery isn't until early March, maybe it's possible by then.
i have to print this out and stick it on the package and hand it in at the post office, that's it, right?
here i don't have to click/add/fill out anything else?
This is exactly what I would like to avoid, which is why I am writing to you.
I would like to please return at my own expense.
8 euro return shipping fee is an impertinence in my eyes.
It's time for change
###MBundestag greetings, I am u/StratorDE in the Chamber in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
###Why the post here?
If you take a look at the activity in the past months of the MBundestag you can see one thing: It is not extistent.
We got into a winter rigidity and extended the summer hole to several months.
#Where is the problem?
Yes, what's the problem?
For the most part, it's probably simply related to dissatisfaction with how some things have gone here and how we've been generally.
In the last few days, the impression has become increasingly apparent that many here really still want to go to the MBundestag.
#What we have to change
At this point the community around the MBundestag is asked, which wants to keep it alive.
The impulse came from u/edizVEVO, who became aware of this project in the last days and found a, simply said, shambles.
After some back and forth writing, several people from the community have found who want to rebuild the project.
However, I would like to call on everyone to participate, so that this project can continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a discord server, where we can exchange ideas and work out concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Goals:
* How should the MBundestag function in the future?
* Which existing rules have to be changed / adapted / removed?
* How should we appear to the outside in the future?
* How should we recruit new members?
* How do we create a fair election system?
I'm pretty sure I forgot some things, but that's not bad, we have the Discord at the end for that.
If you feel like it and have time, come to the Discord, collaborate and let's decide democratically about the future.
I have ordered a lampshade for this from you that is yet to be delivered.
Now I see that the item is too big/clunky for it and not suitable for my taste.
I have already ordered another suspension from you for this.
I put it together and then noticed this when I took the soft foam.
Very sad about this.
I hope this is returned and I have a full refund.
This is also quite sad as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have another question: the bedspread #PRS_ORG#, is there also in oversize, so in 240/240 for example?
#PRS_ORG# must be able to guarantee me that the faulty cabinet will be picked up promptly.
And I ask you to arrange that now.
I do not have a suitable packaging, but I will dismantle the cabinet as far as possible for the pickup - you have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how this can work then.
#PRS_ORG# can always contact me by phone to arrange a pickup date.
Is there a manual for the assembly?
How long would I have to get them or decide to return them?
How do you answer the question why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I like.
She herself was a vegetarian for a while, and currently eats meat very rarely.
I myself was a vegetarian for a few years before.
When I was asked if I had always wanted to be vegan and if vegetarianism had been a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without thinking much.
Namely, that I thought for a long time that I would support animal welfare as a vegetarian, but at some point I reflected and understood that I ultimately also support animal cruelty.
Hence my decision to go vegan.
At that moment I had the impression that displeasure arose on her side, she then defended vegetarianism and said she knew where her meat came from and that as a vegetarian you reduce animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer was too "crude"?
How do you answer the question?
I have the feeling that as a vegan you are quickly put in a corner and conflicts arise, without that you would put it on.
It greets a harmony-loving vegan (;
It is clearly not an exception under § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# do not release you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I will not be on site on the assigned date that #PRS_ORG# picks up my return.
Unfortunately, since I am unable to be on site due to a funeral, this cannot be changed.
Can an alternative pickup date be assigned to me please.
From 01.02.#NUMBER# I am to be found again throughout.
Lahnstein fire department equipped for water rescue: 45,000 euro grant from the state
The Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior, Roger Lewentz, recently handed over a grant of 45,000 euros for the new water rescue equipment vehicle of the Lahnstein Volunteer Fire Department to Mayor Peter Labonte in Lahnstein's town hall.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in service since November 2020, was 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in safety.
I am pleased that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this," says Lahnstein's Lord Mayor Peter Labonte.
The equipment vehicle is used by the Lahnstein diving squadron, one of a total of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below water, they perform tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, the number of deployments is expected to increase in the long term: The boom in hotel shipping on the Rhine and Moselle as well as the further increase in the use of the Lahn as a recreational river are contributing to this.
I bought a book which I could only read 10% of the way through and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
Followed their recommendations but have synced, removed and reloaded the app NOTHING has worked.
I am a bit frustrated because the whole action has already cost me a lot of time and now hope for help.
Okay, is then so.
I would like to order 3 items from the collection of #PRS_ORG# to June.
Can I enter a date in the ordering process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the aforementioned values are determined in the Fenix lab at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% humidity and the 275mAh LiPo battery installed.
Values may vary depending on the flashlight used, age and environment.
*: Burn time in Bright level includes burn time with reduced brightness due to overheating protection.
2) Distributors are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the dealers or distributors from whom they purchased Fenix lights for warranty support with Fenixlight Limited's 'Warranty Card' and either a commercial invoice or receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized distributors with the technology and parts necessary to service our lights.
1) 15-Day Free Replacement: Fenix will replace a new product within 15 days of purchase for any manufacturing defects if problems occur during normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
If the model has been discontinued, customers will receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers free repair for lamps within 5 years from the date of purchase if any problem occurs during normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
Except for the products and accessories listed above, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited lifetime warranty: For lights that have exceeded the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifetime repairs but charge a fee for parts.
The dealer will inform the customer the cost of the part before the repair.
4) Warranty Certificate: Customers request after-sales service from Fenix dealers or distributors by providing a completed Fenix warranty card, purchase invoice or receipt.
Distributor should provide services to customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover any damage or failure caused by:
any defects or damage caused by improper operation, include, but are not limited to, operation that does not comply with the warranty or the instructions in the product specification.
For example, the product specification describes that the sealed head must not be disassembled as this may damage the flashlight and void the warranty.
Any defects or damage due to other behaviors cannot be adequately controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type / model of warranty item, serial number.
Thanks first of all for that you face the whole thing here, I have also spent almost a decade in the civil service in a similar activity, speak we were also gun carriers in the executive, further I do not want to go into it!
The question of right and left I always find very simplified.
Basically one should say however that naturally the civil servant comes rather from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, that should be actually clear to everyone.
That of course also in particular uniforms and weapon carriers magically attract people right of conservative should also be clear to everyone, that these people then of course with the lived reality difficult to deal with is of course also clear, because you have of course in addition to the average white, now many Germans with migration background, Women and homosexuals (and I don't mean the exaggeratedly feminine cliché gays, because there are fewer or none of them in the executive, but rather normal men and women who don't notice it if they don't tell you) and I can and must also rely on these people, because in case of doubt they will save your life or use it for you.
But also these fringe groups represent, even if it sounds funny at first, in my experience a conservative attitude, i.e. they are proud of Germany and feel less picked up by exaggerated left-wing politics, even if this politics supposedly stands up for them or means to make it right for them, but they just want to be treated normally.
Back to the right, since of course police and armed forces are also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme rights there, but that these may openly say their opinion there or even openly forge any state-threatening plans is completely exaggerated in the media and also annoys me.
Of course, it happens that even police officers and soldiers who have often been on foreign missions often start to generalize due to negative experiences and even say things that are controversial to politically incorrect.
Also it happens that certainly also times right minded comrades meet which operate a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, such a thing is well fought in my opinion and also counteracted with political education and education of the whole!
Germany is so very internationally entangled and that is also good so in my opinion that we could not afford it at all to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks!
yes, what I do not understand, the other basket I also ordered on the German side.
Why would this come from England?
When I ordered it was not sold out.
I ordered back in November.
but it was confirmed to me so in your confirmation of the order
It's still about my order, which is no longer available.
I have previously chatted with #NAME#.
Alternatively, could you still deliver the other #PRS_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# Euro in black to Germany or is this basket also available somewhere in Germany.
I always find only you as a partner company.
but on the top of the wooden part there are two deep notches, which were filled with something yellow
and on the mirror itself there is a small scratch
More orderly by child?
Hello, me (w32) is concerned with one thing for a long time.
I'm very disciplined and organized at work (I'm self-employed, very little free time), but all my life I've managed to keep my household clean and tidy.
There are always phases in which everything is left lying around, and now and then it grabs me and I clean up and clean.
But it is never so "that someone could come spontaneously to visit".
My husband is (unfortunately) no better, it bothers me somewhere but mostly household simply loses to work and unwillingness.
The kitchen is still cleaned most regularly because we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to become tidier with child?
We don't have one yet but we are working on it and this question has been on my mind for a while.
Because for me I have no incentive, it just does not bother me so much, as long as no visitors come and e.g. always fresh clothes are there and the kitchen is usable.
Do you have a greater incentive with a child or do you stay sloppy?
I look forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, and high quality as well as anatomically preformed cut, provides maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus allows almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Preforming with special, wide embossing at the joints for improved freedom of movement (at arm and knee bends)
To the Focea Comfort 4, the area covered by the Flex System 2 has been more than doubled to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels at the joints reduce friction (underarms, arm and knee bends)
High-quality pre-curves in the lower back and crotch provide a snug, perfect fit.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar area increases flexibility around the back zipper, improving comfort, especially when bending over and mounting and donning gear on the surface.
Free Flex Zone located around the shoulders and back ensures increased flexibility when moving the arms and back.
Fireskin is a warming, water-repellent material with a special surface structure that provides a high degree of protection against the cold.
Positioned on the chest, it brings warmth to a sensitive area of the body.
Seamless, thin (-2 mm) seal on the face at the hood increases comfort, waterproofing and durability (separate head hood).
Soft zone located in the collar improves waterproofing with fine adjustable width adjustment using a flexible, gentle Velcro closure that does not stick to the liner or seams
Dual zippered cuffs at arm and ankle joints connect a wrap-around inner cuff to a soft, lined neoprene outer cuff
45° notch at the end of the inner cuff for increased elasticity and resilience when donning.
Long zipper at the neck with an Elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on the coverall without a hood
Long G-Lock P back zipper (coverall without hood) with metal slider and incorporated Water Dam System for improved waterproofing (Beuchat patent)
Zippers on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements at all ends of zippers to prevent tearing if excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels glued flush with outer and inner overlap
Edges of outer cuffs hemmed for greater strength
Edges of inner cuffs notched for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system is designed to hold the computer in place, especially during deeper dives (the system is compatible with all popular wristband computers)
Career in social work - as someone with a self-insecure personality disorder?
I trained in software development and have been out for about a year now.
Unfortunately, I realize more and more that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been thinking about starting over and studying social work for a while now.
The problem: I have a self-insecure (or anxious avoidant) personality disorder (AEVPS).
This roughly means that I have no self-esteem and am accordingly shy.
I have no problem talking to people on a factual level, but it is very difficult for me to have relaxed conversations and I have often been told that I seem unapproachable (although I think this has improved).
Can I become a social worker like this?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth center, but rather in addiction counseling or family support.
However, I don't know if the concrete working day is really like I imagine it, and it is difficult to find something about it on the Internet.
The AOPD already leads to problems in my job (for me, emotionally), because it brings me down every time there is something to complain about in my code ("screwed up the simplest things again") and it is difficult for me to ask more experienced colleagues for help ("I should really know how to do this myself by now"/"I keep him from doing his job with my stupid questions"/"he must really think that I'm a moron" etc.).
I will probably have these problems in any profession, but I wanted to mention it here.
But you already got the sofa back?
Because there was no confirmation of that either.
I am waiting for an appointment for collection
What do you mean by return please !
When I downloaded a book to the #PRS_ORG#, I get the message Your #PRS_ORG# does not authorize this book.
is there a problem?
I was chatting with #PRS_ORG#, who asked me if I got a delivery confirmation for my cabinet.
The bird breaks down the protein ingested with the food in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) and builds up its own proteins from these in turn, which it also needs for plumage formation.
The formation of plumage in the nestling and the formation of new plumage in the molting bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high level of stress for the animal's overall organism.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, as this may lead to disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this course of administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
The protein ingested with the feed is broken down by the bird in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) and from these in turn builds up its own proteins, which it also needs for plumage formation.
The formation of plumage in the nestling and the formation of new plumage in the molting bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high level of stress for the animal's overall organism.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, as this may lead to disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this course of administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
1 g NEKTON-Bio to 250 ml water or 100 g soft feed.
It is recommended to prepare only as much drinking water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change water/feed daily.
One level measuring spoon (enclosed) corresponds to 1 g NEKTON-Bio.
In cases of severe plumage damage, double or triple the dose of NEKTON-Bio may be given initially until the onset of new plumage is visible.
Thereafter, the normal dose is given until plumage reformation is fully complete.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored in a dry place without sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Please excuse them, but the chair is sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months ?
The warranty in Germany is 24 months.
This is really very bad service.
Hi, I sent an email on Monday to say that my order arrived damaged and pictures were attached.
Did you receive this email?
Statement of a municipal employee in conflict with the statute
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
On our property a walnut tree is to be felled.
So felling request submitted to the municipality.
An employee writes me that the cutting of fruit trees and therefore also the walnut is not part of the bylaws.
But in the statute the walnut is explicitly stated as a tree to be protected.
Can I now rely on the employee's statement or not?
On the one hand, I must be able to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statute is clear.
Thank you for your answers
We understand that.
Then we'll use the new packaging for them.
I have not received any message
Well, then I still have a sofo without use.
Could you offer me then a discount or a voucher?
What were more expensive?
yes, I think so, the only question is whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check this?
Breaking news: Serious traffic accident near Selb
Recently, a serious traffic accident occurred on the St 2179 between the junction Selb-Nord and Plößberg.
As the police press alert currently informs (14:03), a passenger car has come into oncoming traffic while overtaking.
There are injured.
Ah okay I see.
Well, thank you again for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
First of all, Merry Christmas to you!
Unfortunately, my Christmas is not very good, because my dear head is thinking up everything that can be thought up.
Before I get carried away here ... in short: I need advice and best from people who somehow know my situation - so from you.
I am currently doing my Ref as a career changer.
Originally, I studied something else and also worked there in an area (to remain at least a little anonymous, I mention nothing more specific here).
But the whole thing was too boring for me and I looked for alternatives that might be more fun for me.
At some point I ended up with the teaching profession and was sure that this is it - even if the framework conditions are much more inflexible than in my previous profession, but I didn't care.
I'm now on my third "I'll google other job postings."
And it's only been six months.
The times before that I always decided to keep going and at least finish the ref, after that I can always change my mind.
But right now I am absolutely done.
I had the last month so little free time that I am completely exhausted.
Now it's vacations, but there's still a pile of work waiting for me.
Before the Ref I always thought I was stress resistant, but then my weekend was also my weekend and my end of the day was my end of the day.
That's when I had time off.
And the stress at work didn't matter in those moments.
Now even the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that annoy me even more.
Basically, it's fun and from the outside, the ref is going well, in terms of feedback and such.
But I'm completely drained and wondering how much stress my body can take before it shuts down completely - if it's not already doing that.
I ask myself whether I want to spend the rest of my working life like this - especially when I read some of your posts here - or whether I shouldn't go back to my old job, where I was valued, could take time off when I needed it, and found the work kind of boring, but was paid appropriately for it and worked on something together in a team and not as a lone fighter, as is the case most of the time now.
But then I ask myself if I won't be back in the same place in a year's time and be dissatisfied.
You realize, it's all kind of confusing, but maybe you as an outsider have advice or ideas on how I get out of this situation, that I am completely finished and virtually at the slightest thought of it begin to cry.
I won't make any decisions right now so emotionally, that probably won't lead to anything good.
But maybe your views will help me to see at least a little light at the end of the tunnel - or to be able to enjoy Christmas, that's enough for me for now.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whiny undertone from me.
I hope my situation has become at least a little clear.
Since its introduction in 2001, VOX's Valvetronix series has continued to evolve, resulting in, among other things, the combination of advanced modeling technology with "Valve Reactor" circuitry that perfectly replicates the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X amps, we introduce a brand new modeling engine that is absolutely state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to the VET technology (Virtual Element Technology), which is based on the analysis of the components and amp circuits, the VTX amps are waiting with an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also include the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamp.
This is partly based on real analog circuits, because these simply get the sound variations and nuances of a tube amp better than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuitry, the VTX amplifiers feature a sealed enclosure and bass reflex system from which the natural resonances just bubble up.
VOX's "Tone Room" software even lets you correct and bend historical facts on the virtual plane until the amp and effects sound the way you've always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Since then, of course, it has been refined several times to meet new sound requirements, resulting in another performance boost for the VOX Valvetronix series in 2010 - with more dynamics as well as more numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series has also been designed to satisfy all guitarists looking for maximum sound variety.
All guitarists dream of the punch and dynamics of a tube amp: they expect a fat sound, nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string attack, and prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, VOX engineers discovered that it is primarily the power amp that determines the tube character of an amplifier, and based on this finding, they developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology.
The Valve Reactor circuit of each VT+ amplifier, equipped with a 12AX7 tube, perfectly replicates the behavior, subtle nuances and sonic character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Magic lose at Clippers despite 20 points from Wagner
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it is not enough to win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adaptable, with three Velcro dividers that can be individually placed and folded to suit the needs of your photo gear, making it suitable for any type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-frame SLRs.
Of course, what ultimately fits in the backpack depends on the size of the camera and lenses.
A possible load would be a DSLR camera with one lens attached, two to three interchangeable lenses and an attachable flash.
Larger DSLM cameras like the various models in the Sony a7 series or a Fuji X-T2 still leave room for more lenses.
In addition, you can still stow a lot of accessories.
And those who have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E series) can use the backpack for their equipment and for non-photographic things.
Drone pilots also make an optimal choice with the Everyday Backpack 20L, as the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably the longest in history
In the almost three months since the beginning of the eruption, the lava flows have caused great damage on the Canary Island.
Is there an end in sight?
With a duration of now 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma since Sunday is the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary Island.
Until now, the eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585 with 84 days was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
No reliable data are available on previous eruptions.
The activity of the still unnamed volcano in Cumbre Vieja has decreased somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists continued to dare not predict when it might end.
Indicators point to a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," said the president of the Island Council, Mariano Hernández Zapata, to the state TV station RTVE.
Millions in damage
In the nearly three months since the eruption began, the more than 1,000-degree lava has destroyed nearly 2900 homes and other structures, RTVE reported.
Nearly 1200 hectares were covered by a meter-thick layer of lava.
This is equivalent to almost 1700 soccer fields.
More than 7000 residents had to be evacuated, and the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Off the coast, two new spits of land with a combined size of about 50 hectares were created by cooled lava.
The most severely affected sector was banana cultivation, which is immensely important for the island and from which about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly, and which was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, and other areas were severely affected, wrote the newspaper El País.
Christmas and the presents
Christmas is just around the corner and especially the children will hardly be able to wait for the heavenly feast.
There is something seductive about the many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree combined with the spiritual atmosphere and crackling excitement.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still hold our increasingly divided society together.
This makes it all the more important to become aware of the Christmas tradition of giving, so that the gesture of giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss was a peacemaking "social contract of primitive peoples," can escape the rigid routine and be filled with life again in the context of this tradition.
How St. Nicholas became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who closely linked Christmas with gift-giving.
Before that, gifts were given to each other in one way or another on St. Nicholas Day.
The background of this custom, which is still popular today, is that St. Nicholas, as the Bishop of Myra, secretly threw gold into the windows of three women one night to save them from another life of sin.
This unconventional way of giving gifts gave rise to the popular custom in Germany of filling the boots of children in particular with gifts.
Protestants took offense at this custom because they reject mediators between God and man as "worship of saints."
For these reasons, they opposed the institution.
Martin Luther turned St. Nicholas into the Christ Child, thus establishing a new line of tradition.
The focus of gift-giving thus shifted to Christmas Eve.
However, since most Protestants no longer see such matters of detail so narrowly, it upsets only a few that the custom of St. Nicholas is still an integral part of the pre-Christmas season, similar to the custom of St. Martin with St. Martin's singing and St. Martin's parade.
Today, you can find everything your heart desires in boots outside the door and under the Christmas tree, from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Variety of traditions in Christian countries
Sources document a tradition of gift-giving since the 13th century on the day of St. Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of gift-giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
However, in all Christianized countries, there is a merry huddle over who brings the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the respective region whether the Christ Child appears on Christmas Eve or Santa Claus, who is basically a kind of St. Nicholas to whom some peculiarities have been assigned over time.
These include, for example, his white ruffled beard, which has little in common with the rather severe Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sleigh pulled by reindeer and the preference for the chimney to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain, the Magi give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the baby Jesus.
In Scandinavia, mythical creatures sometimes bring the gifts, while in Russia it was Father Frost who brought some fame.
Here it is not reindeer but three horses that pull his sleigh as a troika.
In the Czech Republic, the motherland of the Reformation in the wake of the Hussite Wars, the Christ Child is responsible for delivering the gifts.
Get since 3 weeks, when trying to download a new book this error message, but my account data and contact details are up to date:
Please help me to fix the error, as I will
otherwise buy another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
i requested a return label for my order #NUMBER# last week and this morning.
I was told that one would be sent to me.
Since I have not received one yet (in the SPAM folder either), I wanted to ask now how long this usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near Royal Palace
An armed man was shot dead by police near Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police said callers reported a man walking into a bank and a bookmaker's store with a gun.
The man fled in a vehicle, according to authorities, which officers were able to stop a short time later.
Shots were fired and the man was hit, they said.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
Police did not assume a terrorist background.
The area around Kensington Palace is home to several embassies.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
Which ones?
No matter where I click, I am immediately redirected to your site.
The decorative lamp will harmoniously fit into any bed, garden area or rock garden.
The lamp is simply placed and can be anchored in the ground with 2 ground spikes.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar panel for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Light duration max. 10 hrs.
- The robust plastic design can be used outdoors all year round.
In Hollywood spectacles, it is mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow colorfully inside.
Smart Stone", on the other hand, is completely harmless: the sun alone ensures that this solar light shines fascinatingly - optionally in white or colored light (in no less than six different shades).
The edgeless, amorphous design is deliberately chosen: Like a naturally formed large pebble, this modern light object presents itself by day.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment - whether at the edge of the terrace, in the lawn or in the stone bed.
It also does well in the neighborhood of larger pebbles and boulders, where it knows how to assert itself thanks to its size.
You can save yourself a lot of preparatory work: As a solar light, "Smart Stone" requires neither power supply nor batteries.
Place the "light stone" in any place that receives sunlight during the day.
Two included ground spikes provide a firm hold if needed.
The matte white plastic cover itself is sturdy and weatherproof.
"Smart Stone" discreetly hides its solar panel inside, along with its battery and two LEDs - one for white light, the other for colored light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight falls on the housing.
As dusk falls, "Smart Stone" begins to glow automatically; you decide for yourself in which color: There are no less than six attractive light colors to choose from - in addition to daylight white.
The light is also switched off automatically as soon as the battery charge level has dropped to a predefined minimum or it becomes light again.
As soon as the sun shines again, the charging cycle starts all over again the next day.
I have done that several times it does not work.
Too bad, I would have liked to continue ordering from you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, then I will not order again on principle.
If you change your mind then let me know.
Otherwise, that was the last contact today.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
No hardware store is open in lockdown anyway.....
The motor control of the LokSound 5 was again fundamentally improved.
A variably adjustable PWM clock frequency from 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super quiet operation especially with bell armature motors - The typical "hum" is a thing of the past.
The load control can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function allows automatic tuning of the decoder to the motor.
With up to 1.5A motor current, the LokSound 5 decoder provides enough juice even for older motors.
- please use the Ebay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are summarized correctly.
- You will receive an email with the package number for tracking.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT from the dealer with every purchase of new goods.
- we usually process your order or request within 24 hours on working days.
Pill problem
Hello dear female people,
I hope I'm doing everything right here, is actually my first post after a year of reddit.
About my problem: I started taking the pill again about five years ago, mainly because I had such incredibly bad pain during my period and crappy PMS before my period.
Now I'd like to stop taking it again, because I already have to take enough medication due to chronic illnesses that I can't choose.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain, but my skin.
I had explosively developed pimples from 0 to 100 on my last break of about two years and they were everywhere.
So far so superficial, but it took quite a toll on me and I didn't feel well.
In the two year break it never really normalized.
Maybe anyone has any tips to avoid that this time.
My cosmetics are already perfume-free and without fuss, but maybe there's something that someone can recommend to me.
Unfortunately my gynecologist didn't take me that seriously and my dermatologist appointment is still coming up.
Many thanks to everyone who has read through the novel!
Yes the dear skin is so ne thing.
I had bad neurodermatitis, then a time of rest, then large-area nodular lichen and the acne issue.
Nutrition I have also in the course of chr. disease tried everything possible and am stuck on ner sugar, milk and meat-poor mixed diet, because nothing else has worked so well.
It may well be that hormonal simply the worm is in it, but if you have like me everywhere construction site you want to just rather not go looking for what else is wrong.
I had already told everything to her colleague semina or similar.
Written and now I lost the conversation and do not know what was answered to my request.
I always have to work and answer the phone in between and suddenly everything was gone....
what is there to check, if the money was there I would have seen it
Please check my bank data, maybe there was something wrong
but is he generally available in large
since he is available in black large
The Zappiti 4K HDR Series - The best movie experience ever!
Zappiti designs and produces high quality video management systems; for best picture quality, outstanding performance and best possible usability.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you convenient and intuitive access to your entire movie library in stunning 4K high definition resolution.
Zappiti's award-winning players are successfully used around the world to enhance the movie-going experience, both in the home and in commercial settings.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the latest 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video file formats, full BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with one billion colors (10-bit color encoding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC, and MQA, and features a wide, solid chassis, dual HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos, and DTS: X for the best possible home theater experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing delivers outstanding picture quality - far better than previous generations - with improved dynamic range, accurate color representation, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or front projector, you'll be blown away by the picture quality of your display!
3D also offers better picture depth and an impressive immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote control.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or AirMouse (not included).
Network Playback: Special network optimization that guarantees better performance when playing over the local network, regardless of the type of media, thanks to SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100.
Universal RC: Seamless integration into smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much, since I've been waiting for this since September.
Now nothing works.
My account is apparently locked and the language is English.
Also compatible with all printers that use the above products according to the manufacturer or user manual.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialized dealer in toner production
All company and brand names listed, as well as all type designations mentioned, are the property of the respective legal manufacturers and rights holders.
Their mentioning serves only the orientation as well as the identification of the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
Which vouchers???
I did not get my voucher credited with the last order!
In the name of the people: laymen make judgments with
In the courtroom, they sit on the bench in everyday clothes.
But a lot depends on their judgment, even if they don't wear robes: lay judges work with professional judges to determine whether and for how long someone goes behind bars.
Two of them talk to the "Oeffentlich" about their time at the Bad Kreuznach District Court: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the District Court on John-F.-Kennedy-Strasse.
Hello, unfortunately I can't get into the customer account.
Could you please send me the invoice from the order number #NUMBER# again to the mail address above?
We can dispose of the packaging material?
We have no means of storing these for that long.
We would use the table as offered by them as if it were ours
gladly,had already in nov.the same chair in blue ordered and also got.would have therefore because they are so beautiful now one in gray
Does the cabinet have to be completely dismantled for pickup and refund?
And when would the collection be?
110 kV underground cable to be rebuilt in 2022
The approval for the laying of the new high-voltage cable near Tann is legally binding.
The planning approval decision of the government of Lower Bavaria clears the way for construction, which is scheduled to begin in 2022.
This has now been announced by the network operator Bayernwerk.
The underground cable, which is around seven kilometers long, will connect the Tann substation in the north of the municipality and the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable will be connected to a pylon of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning,
my order of 03.01.21 with the order number #NUMBER# has arrived so far only in parts.
The blue Betsellnummer:#PRS_ORG# with the shipment number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the note "delivery not possible".
All three other packages have arrived so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me what the further process is now?
Have a nice start to the week!
You can forget it, I explained it several times yesterday!!!
This is a dresser made of glass and all the sides are cracked, so there is glass everywhere and the box is broken
The dresser is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to come into the apartment because of #PRS_ORG# regulations.
This means that the dresser cannot be picked up because no one is allowed in my apartment
Thanks for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it is with all books, therefore yes the inquiry with #PRS_ORG#, since it concerns probably a general problem
Ref: Planning lessons (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I have been in Ref since summer, I enjoy teaching, but I am currently still having a lot of problems planning my lessons in geography in a time-efficient way.
Unfortunately, my school is not well equipped technically, so I can only use the blackboard, the textbook and an OHP as media.
In addition, I can only copy b/w for free at school (which sucks for geography).
I currently just take a long time to plan my lessons.
For example, we are currently doing the topic of geofactors, and for me, every lesson actually stands on its own.
In principle, the methods are always repeated, but on the other hand, I don't want to invest too much time even for simple lessons (I also need it for UBs, etc.).
When planning, I always start from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build it up (mostly I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school doesn't have).
We have the book Terra and I am rather dissatisfied with most of the assignments in the book.
Hence the worksheets.
Maybe some geography teacher can tell me how to work with the book in a time efficient way.
Would be really pleased.
i would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I have actually already decided on a new one from #PRS_ORG# however I would like to process the return as soon as possible.
Retailers fear for Christmas business because of the 2G regulation.
Only those who have been vaccinated or have recovered may enter most stores.
Retailers think this is unnecessary and complain about a drop in sales.
They also have a possible solution.
In the view of the German Retail Association (HDE), the 2G regulations are spoiling the important Christmas business for retailers.
HDE CEO Stefan Genth criticized that sales of non-daily consumer goods were plummeting.
According to a recent survey of 1100 retailers conducted by the HDE, more than 70 percent of the companies had a negative outlook on the remaining days of the year.
Many had already written off the Christmas business, he said.
"What was supposed to be the positive highlight of the year is now often a bottomless pit," Genth said.
Accordingly, retailers with 2G access restrictions lost almost a third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
Things are only going well in food retailing and in the online sector, he added.
The association demanded consequences from the dramatic development.
Shopping with mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the chief executive.
"2G when shopping does not bring us forward in the fight against the pandemic," he stressed.
The current regulations deter customers and require high staffing levels, he said.
The ribbon scheme must be approved nationwide, he demanded.
According to this, each customer would only have to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would have access to all stores on that day with the wristband received.
In addition, random checks should be sufficient in the retail sector - as is already the case in public transport with the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested).
Deutsche Euroshop, the real estate group specializing in shopping centers, also spoke of difficult Christmas business.
Frequencies were recently at a good 75 percent of pre-Corona levels without 2G, and sales at around 90 percent.
These figures are now sure to fall in the middle of the all-important Christmas business," CEO Wilhelm Wellner told "Wirtschaftswoche".
Due to the high personnel and administrative costs, the company is trying to find solutions for the centers and get them approved.
These include the so-called wristband solution, in which "visitors, for example, provide their 2G proof once at a central point in the center and then - equipped with a wristband similar to those in a club hotel - can enter all stores without being disturbed." dpa
i recently ordered and received the #PRS_ORG#.
The mirror has a scratch and there is also a flaw on the frame that was tried to be concealed with a yellow filler.
It looks unsightly.
I would like to return the mirror and have already put it back in the package and taped it shut.
How do I have to proceed for the return now?
The lamp is designed for dual- balance, based on new, flat SMD -LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
The adjustment of the color temperature and brightness of the lamp is provided by a modern microprocessor with exceptional capabilities.
In addition to brightness adjustment, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and tungsten.
It is also possible to manually adjust and save the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K.
Use the current settings in the flash memory.
A special feature of the controller, it is easy and intuitive to use.
The fixture produces a very luminous flux with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The beam angle of 120 degrees, which allows you to illuminate large areas at a relatively small distance is excellent.
By the way, even in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness with virtually no change in color temperature.
It's a great tool for working both on a film set or else in the studio.
The optional DMX512 controller allows remote control of the fixture in television studios or when the fixture is mounted in hard-to-reach places.
At the back of the fixture is the control panel, it consists of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
Furthermore there is the slot for the NP-F batteries (not included).
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To adjust the individual settings on the memory slots, simply press and hold one of the memory buttons and you're done.
The memory controller stores the current state of the lamp when turned off, so that when turned on again, the known situation is again - very handy when working in the studio, for example, the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with battery one of the greatest strengths of the DL3120 functionality results from the possibility of operation with inexpensive NP-F batteries.
These are often already in the possession of photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can use existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check before the set if the batteries have enough power - there is a battery tester built right in - for each of the two battery compartments a value in the two displays (the left battery upper display, the right on the lower display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously power the headlamp via the included power supply.
The construction of the headlamp is very simple.
You have for mounting a 16mm sleeve as a connector, so you can directly to your photo tripod.
The tilt can be reliably adjusted by means of locks on both sides.
Care has been taken that the mechanical components are also extremely high quality and therefore also designed for durability and hard use.
In addition, a tilt joint is included in the scope of delivery.
Great is that in the scope of delivery is also included a bag.
So you can safely transport or store the light with all the accessories you might want to buy without any problems.
Too bad, I got this as a gift and it's too small :(
"Party we wanted to throw": Frankfurt celebrates after high-scoring comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the last two times in a row winless Hesse were supposedly on the way to the next Bundesliga defeat.
But then the SGE turned on the heat, got rid of the frustration about a mixed start to the season within an hour and won furiously 5:2. "It's crazy what the boys have done today," cheered coach Oliver Glasner on DAZN and gave a "blanket praise to every single person who was involved.
Initially, it looked like another setback for Frankfurt, which is still behind its expectations in ninth place.
Patrik Schick had given Leverkusen a 2-0 lead.
What happened next impressed even the SGE coach.
"How the players then came back and showed a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I'm insanely happy with the performance we showed and, of course, with the result.
Defender Christopher Lenz, who was able to return to the pitch for the first time since matchday four and overcoming a muscle injury, also emphasized the morale of his teammates.
"I think our mentality is unbelievably great," said the 27-year-old, who, looking at the result, was particularly happy for the spectators.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
For the upcoming tasks, however, Glasner now wants to keep the focus on himself, but also sees himself well positioned for this in terms of the personnel situation.
It's extraordinary that we have all the players fit in December, that all the players are in top physical shape.
Our medical department is doing a great job, but the players are also living a highly professional life.
Now they want to "move forward step by step and remain modest" and "pull through the tasks at this level until the turn of the year".
Next on the agenda is already on Wednesday in the course of the English week an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach (18.30 clock, Sky).
Just got the mail that my package is coming back to you due to an error on my part.
I tried to call #PRS_ORG# and have it redirected, no chance.
Can it be resent directly to me or do I have to wait until the money is transferred back and place the order again?
Would mean for me then unfortunately that I will not order again because it has already taken a long time.
Have they ever sat in the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Dampers for women's handball before quarterfinal against Spain
Germany's handball women crept off the parquet with hanging heads and blank stares after their humiliation against Denmark.
At the end of the World Cup main round, the DHB selection conceded a bitter defeat with 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and now has to face host Spain in the quarterfinals.
"We were much too timid and had too much respect for the opponent," said national coach Henk Groener.
We have to perform differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round Group III with 8:2 points in second place behind the Danes (10:0).
It's a shame that we couldn't take the flow with us.
It was a bad game from everyone and we have to erase it," said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight for a place in the semifinals, a significant improvement will be needed against the 2019 World Cup runners-up next Tuesday to keep the fragile dream of a first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German thrower in the duel with three-time Olympic champion Denmark was back-row player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
"We just weren't there - neither in attack, nor in defense," admitted back-rower Xenia Smits and demanded, "We have to look ahead quickly now."
Not up to scratch from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not up to scratch from the opening whistle.
Missed shots and technical mistakes in attack and gaps in defense were responsible for a quick 0:4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately at operating temperature and prevented worse with a few saves.
The DHB team scored its first goal after 9:30 minutes when Grijseels successfully completed a quick counterattack.
However, this was not the initial spark they had hoped for.
The German women were hardly able to make an impact against the aggressive Danish cover - and if they did, they mostly failed due to the strong Althea Reinhardt in the Scandinavian goal.
The game was over early at 3:10 after 20 minutes, especially since backcourt player Mia Zschocke saw red a little later for a hard foul on her opponent.
However, she will be allowed to play again in the quarterfinals.
Only in the final phase of the first half did the DHB team get into the game a little better and at least come within five goals by the break.
However, any hope of catching up after the change was already gone after seven minutes at 9:19.
Once again, Groener's charges sinned in all areas and made it easy for their well-performing opponents, who are among the medal candidates at the finals.
As a result, the German team could no longer muster up an increase in performance and went down as clear losers.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family traditions during the Christmas season.
As part of the Reddit Advent calendar, we got hold of St. Nicholas Day and are taking this as an opportunity to devote ourselves to family traditions in the run-up to Christmas, Advent, St. Nicholas, Christmas Eve and the Christmas holidays.
What was it like at home?
How was it with your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is the best for the children?
The cleaning of the boots?
Baking cookies?
Decorating the tree?
Is there music?
Does Santa Claus come, does the Christ Child come, or is the gift from Grandma and Grandpa after all?
No matter how you do it, everyone makes an effort on and around Christmas to have it as nice as possible as a family.
Whether it's a set tradition, or even something different every year, tell us how it went or goes in your family!
please send me any transaction number... or anything else that could help with this
Transfer confirmation.... etc
i would like to give away a coupon code
like #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers
does that work for you?
The title gives it away, I work as a vaccinator in mobile vaccination teams where (so far) only the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is vaccinated mainly in nursing homes.
Since these will soon be finished to a large extent, it continues afterwards partly in vaccination centers for me.
I am happy to answer questions without a time limit about the organizational and human aspects and also medical questions, as long as they are not related to one personally (e.g. "I am taking medication X, is it compatible with the vaccination...").
In my area of responsibility falls the education for the vaccination, the indication (person is entitled to a vaccination according to Coronaimpfveordnung and no reasons that speak against it), the medical documentation and if necessary the emergency care in case of allergic reactions (never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, e.g. medical assistants.
In vaccination teams, however, we often do not have any with us, but "only" (for God's sake no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for vaccine preparation, but they cannot (are not allowed to?) perform vaccinations, so I also perform most vaccinations there myself.
Difficult "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the solution
What please is a "Huidlerer"?
With this dialect word, sent in by an Amberger, in the BR television broadcast "we in Bavaria" for heavy thinking was provided.
But unlike on many previous days, this time the term in the series "Host mi?" remained unguessed by the callers.
No, it was not a "person who is nervous."
And also not one "to whom everything must go quickly".
That, the people heard from the TV presenter, was completely wrong.
Whereupon the man from Amberg shared the solution and thus probably also caused astonishment among many people from the Upper Palatinate.
"The Huidlerer," the viewers learned, "is a rag with which someone wipes out the oven."
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, interviewed by Bavarian television for years as an expert, confirmed this.
With the remark that this was a typical Upper Palatinate term, somehow derived from the rather well-known dialect word "Houdern".
With which an education gap was closed - probably also with some, which live for a long time in the area Amberg.
I have not been able to buy books for 2 weeks.
It always comes after the confirmation the following error message: oops - someting went wrong - try again later.
I have gel#PRS_ORG#n, restarted, connected to PC, synchronized and repaired.
Nothing helped.
Choice of tires for road bikes - really so puncture-proof?
This morning I woke up full of beans because I wanted to do at least a little training in preparation for my bike tour next week.
No sooner said than done and I set off on my road bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then happened what lurks in so every city center (this time: Thanks Krefeld!).
Glass splinters on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tire wanted to do the rest of the distance in no way.
Since I had no real possibility due to the weekday to get me spare tire and spare tube, I had to turn around with half bad mood again and take the first best track home.
Was then also mood-technically not quite so bad, maybe it's better if I practice again before the bike tour that with the tire change.
But now I am faced with a question and hope that you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long distance over several days ahead of me, I would extremely reluctant to get this problem more often.
Now wass really not bad, since also still the old tires from the previous owner (very nice old man, has on the day I came to pick up the bike to 14 clock 120km torn off!) and who had also already called these suboptimal, because he drove with them for several years on roll.
But when I think that I have to change a tire while driving after 80-90kms, I think I'm in a really bad mood :D
Now I'm with an older man at the platform came into the conversation, who asked me in wonder why I do not have the Marathon Plus tires; these are supposed to be unplattbar.
Now of course the whole thing sounds very tempting.
But are these really so indestructible?
I have little desire to spend 40 € / tires now, only to be disappointed.
Furthermore, I wonder: I have at the moment on the road bike I think 25x622.
Although there are also (apparently?) With the Marathon Plus tires, but the majority is already wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you advise me on a road bike generally to other tires?
The Schwalbe side seems to my absolute! Laiewissen rather recommend the Durano DD?
Thanks in advance for the help and love!
Car skids into tree: driver fatally injured
The 53-year-old had crashed on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten with his car for unexplained reasons against a center island and then on the oncoming lane, as the police said.
There it came to a head-on collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The car of the 53-year-old was then thrown against a tree and the man was trapped in the car.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the accident and taken to surrounding hospitals.
yes we have we have deleted all books everything bneu authorized and loaded new books
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free of harmful metals.
The group strives to use formulas without regulated or questionable ingredients without affecting the best possible performance.
Caps and packaging are made of recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please recycle only containers that are completely empty.
Take containers with residues to a problem waste site.
Labeling: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the latest labeling regulations.
The classification, categorization, labeling is done according to GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EC in the current valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EC, Article 31 and Annex II, in the currently valid form.
For many DUPLI-COLOR spray paints, spray protection and break-proof cap prevent unauthorized use.
Observe the corresponding instructions on the cap or label.
Always carefully read and observe the caution texts before use!
Do I get a confirmation for this by mail?
I have been assured of this by your colleagues 3 times already...how reliable is your information?
When will the shipping company contact me?
I have already written,did not you get my sms?
After the release of our new high end full range driver B 100- 6 OHM it was only a matter of time until our SOLO series would also have offspring.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offspring and is visually reminiscent of the great role models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, in this construction proposal is a suitably designed foot directly included to raise the speaker to the correct listening position.
This has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adjusted in length according to the conditions at home.
Based on the principle, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people for whom the maximum volume plays a rather subordinate role, but an exceptionally high level should be achieved in terms of sound.
A 10 cm speaker is simply not capable of producing such high sound pressure levels almost unfiltered.
However, this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, it performs remarkably mature and extremely impressive and accurate for its size.
Tonally, the SOLO 15 has been tuned with a slight treble rise.
This is common with full-range speakers to optimize the bundling that increases strongly to high frequencies.
Exactly aligned to the listening position, the SOLO 15 convinces with a very clear and fine sound.
Turned slightly outward, the high frequency range can be reduced and thus the sound image can be made warmer.
Thanks to the point source, the localization of the individual components of a piece of music in the optimal stereo triangle is razor-sharp and amazingly precise.
The extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM, which are worthy of reference, ensure fine dynamics that are second to none.
The SOLO 15 thus not only complements our SOLO series, but expands it in terms of resolving power and accuracy.
As with all our kits, it is advisable to think about the final appearance of the speaker at the beginning to plan appropriate changes during construction.
For example, if you want to veneer the cabinet, the countersink of the speaker must be adjusted accordingly, as the veneer will add more material.
After all the panels have been cut (e.g. at the hardware store), you should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base plate at the appropriate point, so that you can later feed the cable through there without any problems.
With the help of a router, the speaker opening now follows in the front, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can later be inserted flush.
On the rear side, this opening should be provided with a 45° chamfer to make the opening area of the speaker chassis inside as large as possible.
The four screw connection points of the B 100 - 6 OHM get an interruption in the bevel, as shown in the picture "Detail bevel".
Then you start the actual construction of the box and place one of the two side panels on a flat surface in front of you.
Now glue the back panel, the lid, the front and the bottom onto this.
The three stiffeners should also be inserted and glued in the process.
The stiffeners themselves can vary in material thickness if necessary, e.g. if you want to use ready-made strips from the hardware store instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
The next step is to attach the second side.
This is followed by all the panels of the base, i.e. the two sides, as well as the front.
By means of a suitable hole circular saw or a Forstner drill, the attachment of the openings of the bass reflex tube, as well as the connection terminal on the rear panel is facilitated.
Then use a round cutter to round off all the edges of the actual box.
The top of the footplate can also be rounded off with it.
The base plate is then glued firmly to the base of the cabinet and also screwed on with long wood screws.
This is followed by marking and pre-drilling (2.5 mm drill bit) the screw connection points of the speaker chassis and the connection terminal.
After the cabinet has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuuming / blowing out), you start laying the cable.
The easiest way to do this is through the 35 mm bass reflex port in the rear panel.
To do this, push the entire and uncut cable piece by piece through the 8 mm hole in the base up to the terminal opening and let it stick out about 30 cm there.
In the upper part of the cabinet the cable is led to the speaker opening and let it hang out loosely there as well.
Subsequently, the crossover is prepared and inserted.
The construction plan of the crossover, as well as the corresponding connection diagram can be taken from the following document: Assembly instructions crossover Solo 15.
Once the crossover is installed and the connection terminal is screwed in place, the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely sealed, is sealed.
Through the 35 mm bASSREFLEX opening and with a little skill, you can drip hot glue on the opening and seal it that way.
Through the opening of the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp, you can check the seal accordingly.
Now the damping follows according to the description.
Then the B 100 - 6 OHM is connected and screwed tight with the appropriate screws.
Polarity plays an important role here, so the positive lead (marked cable) must be soldered to the positive pole of the speaker (larger contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and plugged in.
For damping, a mat of the damping material is cut in two and loosely distributed in the cabinet.
The opening around the bass reflex port should be kept clear.
Can I also place an order now and not have it delivered until early June?
> Hello to all,
> finally we can announce that we will organize the OSCAST again this year!
> Unfortunately, we are not able to get more than four people in the studio for known reasons, which has meant more planning effort and explains the short notice of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people by circuit, so we will follow the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We'll do our best to avoid delay or other issues.
But hey, it's still pandemic - still, we'll do everything we can to keep the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
> It will start around 0:30.
Go ahead and chill drinks, plan on some good food, and get ready for a long but very interesting night.
The merchandise was less than 20 EURO.
The fee corresponds with 40 % of the goods’ value...
I am a major client of #PRS_ORG# and thus it is no problem for me.
I need only a number or instructions for what to attach to the package so you could track the return with that.
A few days ago I ordered the #PRS_ORG# for € 249.
Today the item costs € 179.
To be honest, I find this very unfair.
Do I have to cancel the order and order it again for the better price or is there another possibility via voucher?
I principally believe also one should not expect from children that they take on the role of a parent for their smaller siblings.
I like, however, that it is also good for older siblings to take care of the smaller ones but in moderation.
To look after them, to help out briefly, to provide the bottle, etc.
In this way they learn how to take on responsibility, support the family and take part of it.
As long as they themselves can still remain to be kids, I see no problem with that.
If your kid K1 busies him/herself for a short time and he/she is happy with it, then this is also good.
You can judge for yourself whether this suits your children well.
It is certainly not the case that he/she should put diapers on K2 or watch it at sleeping time for hours.
Under legal aspects this probably questionable.
Perhaps this explains the psychologist’s statement.
In case something should really occur such as a fire, burglary, earthquake, invasion of aliens etc. then it would be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is now a risk that you would like to take is at your own discretion ;)
Please help me to find the title of a book again!
I remember that I have read a thriller years ago and I still remember clearly almost the entire plot, however, the title will not come to mind for anything, perhaps somebody here knows about it...
The story deals with angst and how to treat it.
At the beginning of the story an animal caretaker commits suicide by pouring the animal feed about his body and then enters the enclosure to his feline predators.
The case is investigate by a female police inspector who, after a short investigation, contacts his therapist who runs a clinic in which he treats angst patients.
The inspector has a young niece who suffers from angst (of fire) and who lands at this therapist’s clinic.
More suicides occur and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is anonymously hired before each suicide to go to the site of the suicide, to document it and display the photos in the Internet.
At any rate it is finally revealed that this therapist runs some kind of underground therapy-group where they plant a chip in the patients which suppresses an angst center in the brain and causes the patients to finally face their angst in most extreme ways.
(a woman jumps out of the window, another one drives herself intentionally to death)
Facing your angst is described in the book as “the fight”.
At the end there is a big showdown in the clinic that had to do with fire.
That is about the plot in a nutshell and I am quite sure that it was a French author who wrote the original book.
In case somebody knows about the story or if somebody can actually tell the title of the book I would be very happy.
Oh dear, I don’t have the password for the Wlan available.
Must first contact my husband.
That might take a while.
How do I proceed from there?
Is it also possible to have the price difference be remitted?
Child, 4 y., splinter under the thumb nail
Child, four years, had wooden splinters under the thumb nail (outside) across the entire length.
I tired to pull it out with a pair of tweezers.
Was difficult to grasp.
Did not work and hurt.
Now the child becomes hysterical when we try it.
No more chance.
Tomorrow we’ll see a doctor.
All Bosch power tools, pneumatic and measuring tools are diligently checked, tested and are subject to the rigorous checks of the Bosch quality assurance.
Therefore Bosch grants a warranty for Bosch power, pneumatic and measuring tools.
The buyer’s claims for defects from the purchasing contract with the seller as well as legal rights are not limited through this warranty.
For these tools we provide a guarantee according to the below conditions:
We guarantee according to the following provisions (no. 2 - 7)via free of charge correction of defects on the tool are verifiably based on a material or production error within the warranty time.
The warranty time is 24 months, with commercial or professional or equivalent use 12 months.
The warranty time starts with the purchase of the first buyer.
Decisive is the date on the original proof of purchase.
For all commercial, blue power tools and measuring tools purchased from September 01, 2004 on (with the exception of high frequency tools, industrial battery-driven screwdrivers and pneumatic tools) the warranty time is extended to 36 months if the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks after the purchase date.
Battery-packs and chargers as well as also provided accessories are excluded from this warranty extension.
You may only register in the Internet via www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
The registration receipt serves as confirmation that must be printed right away, and also the original proof of purchase that states the date of the purchase.
Registration is only possible when the buyer agrees that the data that must be entered there can be saved.
Excluded from the warranty are: Parts that are subject to wear and tear due to use or otherwise natural wear, and also defects on the tool that are based on use-conditioned or other natural usage, abnormal environmental conditions, irrelevant operational conditions, overloading or insufficient maintenance or care.
Defects on the tool that were caused by the use of accessories, supplements or spare parts that are not Bosch original parts.
Tools which were altered or supplemented.
Small deviations from the nominal condition that are irrelevant to the value and the usability of the tool.
The remedy of the defect that was acknowledged by us as ‘damage under warranty’ is granted in a way that we repair the defective tool according to our choice free of charge or replace this tool with a flawless tool (if necessary also a subsequent model).
Replaced tools or parts become Bosch’s property.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Distance Selling Act I have a right to withdraw of 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
With the combination of digital decoders and a sound module of a circuit board we reach measurements of only 30 mm x 15.5 mm and thus can be integrated in almost every locomotive with track gauges H0 and 0.
LokSound 5 decoder are offered with all common interfaces and are always sold with a 11x15 mm large “sugar cube” - loudspeaker beside the sound capsule kit.
Like all family members the LokSound 5 is a real multi-protocol decoder.
It handles the data format DCC as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
The DCC format makes 14 to 128 drive levels naturally possible and also 2 and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus® the decoders register fully automatically with a suitable digital controller.
It handles all DCC program modules and thanks to RailCom® the CV values can be read via suitable controllers on the main track.
There are auxiliary registers for controllers that can only program the CVs from 1-255.
Motorola®-users benefit from up to 28 drive levels at 255 addresses.
Three additional Motorola® addresses enable the trigger of 16 functions.
An integrated programming mode also enables reprogramming with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic registering with mfx®-compatible controllers.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes the Märklin® braking distances as well as the ZIMO® HLU brake commands or the Lenz® ABC System.
Braking with DCC brake modules or with DC voltage is also possible.
In addition it also stops at a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC shuttle train automation enables the automatic shuttle between two train stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can also be used with analog DC and AC trains.
After my voucher that I have never received due to a complaint will no longer accommodatingly extended I will remove my order in the value of about.
#NUMBER# from my shopping cart and place my order somewhere else where customer service is higher priority and where I don’t have to write lengthy letters only with the result that I don’t achieve anything in the end!!
Then what am I supposed to do with this number??
Because of Omikron: Johnson wants to push booster vaccinations
Constantly new cases of Omikron infections worry politics and science in Great Britain.
Therefore all qualifying adults in England should be offered booster vaccination until New Year.
London - The British prime minister Boris Johnson wants to advance the Corona booster vaccinations even faster than previously targeted due to the rapidly increasing Omikron numbers.
Every adult in England should have the opportunity already to year’s end to receive a booster dose as long as at least three months have passed since the second vaccination, said Johnson on Sunday evening in a pre-recorded video message to his fellow citizens.
So far the target date was until the end of January.
The British government would offer additional support so that vaccination campaigns would also be accelerated in the parts of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The Omikron variant would call for an emergency and therefore the vaccinations must urgently be pushed ahead, said Johnson.
The good news is that the protective level could be increased again with a third vaccination.
“Go and get boostered!”, said Johnson.
On Sunday 1239 additional Omikron cases were registered in Great Britain, that raised the total numbers to 3137.
Compared to the day before this was an increase of unbelievable 65 percent. dpa
at pick-up will the full amount of the purchase price be reimbursed?
I am in favor that all introduce themselves with first names
I send in an application.
Today I received an invitation for an interview via mail.
I want to reply to the email.
But unfortunately the name is not “Peter” but a somewhat complicated name.
I googled the name and according to his/her cultural background it is either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how I should write the email now.
Can somebody help me please?
** I am a foreigner and don’t want to insult a civil servant.
Conclusion: everybody should introduce him/herself with first name.
I have 5 books altogether listed there.
4 are working.
Only the one I bought today doesn’t work
Obviously the chair had a non-evident defect when it was sold.
How else can otherwise such a material defect occur after 9 months?
I tried it first on the #PRS_ORG#.
But that does not longer work since
about 14 days.
Therefore I bought the most recent books via the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG#, but wanted to buy 8.
However, there were none left.
Now they are available again and I want you to add 2 chairs to the order and then bill me for that.
[CW] The feeling when I can’t help.
Content-Warning: I will write here about domestic violence in more details.
I have to simply write it off my chest.
I (21) am, for professional reasons, more frequently in contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence.
A subject that goes straight to my heart and that unfortunately occurs much too frequently namely that many victims don’t seek help or think we cannot help them.
I am totally aware that we cannot do everything and that we are not perfect.
But in my job there are fewer things that move me more than when I can’t do anything in such situations.
I see the bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in talks in private, the perpetrator far out of sight and earshot, I cannot reach out to all.
I don’t know the reasons for it perhaps it is angst, fear of revenge, fear to leave the familiar social environment, fear to rip the children out of it.
What I want to make clear for all, partially myself close to tears, everybody deserves to be able without violence.
I would like to see that all women know that they don’t have to simply tolerate violence.
I frequently wished I could help in every case...I know that I can’t do that.
But that doesn’t make things any easier.
Please, always remember you are worth living without violence, that is the most important message.
“Arcane” on Netflix: How good is the series “League of Legends”?
Much fantasy, many complicated names, a breathtaking look: “Arcane”, the series from the computer game universe “League of Legends” started a short while ago on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced second season?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle of the MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg at the Merlins Crailsheim
At least the youngster Johannes Patrick was reliable.
Nothing again: Within not even three months the Riesen lost in Crailsheim for the second time - and how!
Looking back to the cup defeat at the Hakro Merlins at the beginning of October Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick said before the game: “We still have some anger in us”.
That anger, however, did not disappear after the game - but rather increased in view of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the basketball Bundesliga.
Whereby it was more the kind of performance that disappointed than the naked result.
Representative might be statistics that describe the entire dilemma: The three point ratio was just 13 percent, 4 scores (all from the young Johannes Patrick) for - believe it or not - 31 attempts - still any questions?
The answer comes from John Patrick: “After the victory in Teneriffa we were simply not concentrated enough and we didn’t implement what we trained for”.
Namely to move the ball.
His opponent Sebastian Gleim reacted much differently: “A great game to win against Ludwigsburg for the second time”, said the happy coach.
“It felt like playing for 10000 people”.
On Saturday there were only 750 spectators admitted in the Hohenlohe arena, but they got their money’s worth.
Also not least because of the BBL top scorer T. J. Shorts, who scored 22 points and directed his team’s game.
“The best key player I’ve ever coached”, added Gleim in praise.
While in Patrick’s team even key players such as Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed across the board.
Only during the last quarter (22:15) the Riesen prevented a total debacle and closed in up to eight points after they had trailed already 39:59.
Beside Johannes Patrick Justin Simon still scored twelve points.
Fortunately there is not much time for singing the blue.
Already on Wednesday (19:00) the Riesen host the Skyliners Frankfurt in front of also 750 spectators in Ludwigsburg.
we had a different email address earlier, but I changed it.
Yes, I reported it already several months ago.
Then all warranty claims were unfortunately declined.
We obtained legal advice once more and therefore we have written to you again.
Originally we reported this to you already half a year ago.
Always spick and span: Max Raabe turns 59
He is able to excite his audience with his new interpretations of pop songs from the 20ies and 30ies.
Currently he is on tour with the program “Guten Tag, liebes Glück” (good day dear love) - if and when he is allowed to perform.
Actually Max Raabe wanted to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing comes of it.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - “by order of the authorities”, to contain the Corona virus.
Also other performances, planned for the Advent time, must first of all be cancelled, as the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and of his musicians states (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January on the artists want to make up for the events that were postponed already in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Max Raabe was born on December 12, 1962 in the North Rhine Westphalian Lünen; already as teenager Max enjoyed singing.
In Berlin he studied singing opera, 1986 he founded - together with fellow students - the Palast Orchester.
Ever since then the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of pop songs and chansons in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He was awarded with many prices.
His live album from the “MTV Unplugged” series (2019) ranked second place in the charts - as his successful album “Für Frauen ist das kein Problem” (Women have no problem with that) (2013).
From the niche he has reached the mainstream.
Always clad elegantly, the blond hair strictly combed back and aware of etiquettes, the current German speaking music landscape can no longer be imagined without Max Raabe.
With the program “Guten Tag, liebes Glück” he is on tour since 2020. dpa
Hi #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It should supplement already existing furniture and thus we could check whether it would complement the colors
It still doesn’t work, I can only see the cover page but not page through it.
Federal Secretary of Construction Klara Geywitz: Expropriations do not create new domiciles
The new Secretary of Construction Klara Geywitz (SPD) spoke out against the expropriations of large housing companies as it is demanded in a people’s referendum in Berlin.
“Expropriation does not create one single new apartment it only changes the ownership structure”, said Geywitz in an interview with the “Tagesspiegel” (Sunday).
My intentions are to give tenants security that their rent remains payable during the next few years.
And by the way, a wide mixture e. g. of lessors, cooperatives or housing associations is the best protection against the forming of monopolies.
The coalition of SPD, Greens and the Left Party wants to establish an expert commission in Berlin to find out how to handle the results of the referendum.
If the situation cannot be diffused Geywitz did not exclude talks especially with the FDP in the ample coalition about further tightening the tenancy law.
The coalition contract intends a rent control till 2029, a limitation of rent increases in the tense housing markets and the expansion of the rental index.
I will talk to the Secretary of Justice to implement that as fast as possible.
If the rental market does nevertheless not quiet down “we will talk about further steps with our coalition partners”, emphasized the SPD politician.
Hi, I wanted to order something and after a few days it dawned on me that I had forgotten the last step with payment.
Unfortunately, the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be available again?
Or whether it will be available again at all?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
A voucher sounds great
I will present the voucher itself with the new order
Many thanks for the quick clarification!
When the lamp is send in March how long will be the real delivery time?
I have already cut my finger
How dare you
At least 100 dead through tornados in Kentucky
Numerous tornados ploughed through the USA in a devastating storm system.
In Kentucky alone there might be more than 100 fatalities.
The images from there resemble a war zone.
In the night to Saturday several tornados at once caused devastating damages and probably up to one hundred fatalities in the USA.
The storms left an about 320 kilometer long aisle of devastation, in particular in the state of Kentucky.
Kentucky’s governor Andy Beshear said after his visit to the disaster zone: everything is gone where the tornados touched down.
Houses, businesses, official buildings - simply gone.
Parts of industrial facilities, roofs in the trees.
It is hard to imagine that this is possible at all.
He anticipates up to hundred fatalities in the state of Kentucky alone, the official numbers climb by the hour.
Hi, I have just noticed that the showcase #NAME# is sold out.
That is unfortunate.
Will it still be produced?
Or has it removed from the assortment entirely?
Is there a possibility to order the showcase in another country?
until when do you contact me?
If the items are not delivered to my apartment I must cancel the order !
That I understand, only can I order the blanket now and have it delivered to Germany, the one that is in the shopping cart?
Via the contact form I returned an article or rather I posted a return, and I wanted to inquire whether it has arrived or whether it will be processed since I still haven’t received a confirmation.
Companies pay vaccination bonuses and change advertising slogans
While the federal government still declines proposals for vaccination bonuses companies in Austria took themselves the initiative and offer financial bonuses to their employees for vaccination.
Thus they streamline with their social partners ÖGB and the chamber of commerce which today demanded financial incentives for the vaccination.
Also redesigning advertising slogans for vaccination appeals - according to German examples - should increase the willingness for Corona vaccinations.
He changed to a company which he had badmouthed prior to that.
That make his situation not better than yours.
Wait and see.
This was a year ago.
He obviously wasn’t obliged to stay in his old job, so he looked for something else.
You may do the same.
And that he didn’t like you much then: well no matter.
He neither liked his old job.
There are too many variables.
Please, accept the cancellation.
That will then be legally relevant.
I’ll prepare a screen shot.
Hi - I am interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Do you have it also in Large 230 cm?
In our online shop kitchenpoint.de we carry all Smeg kitchen appliances and the respective accessories.
Out of principle we check the quality and the completeness of your order.
The new automatic Smeg coffee machine brings freshly ground coffee into your kitchen or the office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in flat colors combined with the matt brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG automatic coffee maker with milk frother a design object.
Corresponding with the reduced design all functions such as grinding degree and amount of water, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, Ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with only four buttons.
Thanks to the steam distributor you may also prepare coffee-milk and milk-foam specialties.
Help for a first own campaign
Boron salute!
I manage currently the adventure across the Greifenpass for a group of 4 friends and would like to lead my heroes seamlessly in a campaign specifically written for the players.
We are playing DSA 5.
The great plot has been achieved, the villains and their motivations written, the individual actions thought through and now I am up to writing the entry adventure and I stumble over my own feet already with the first encounter.
The premise is that the heroes ought to bring a carriage with wheat from Grabenfels into a small village close to the lake Thuran.
There another action should develop.
Some miles from the village a group of Goblins is supposed to ambush the group.
I would like to give the player characters the possibility to solve the confrontation in several ways: Convincing, acting, threatening, to recognizing danger early, whatsoever comes to the players mind.
Group size: 8 common Goblins, 2 armed with spears, 6 with bows and sabers
When unnoticed the goblins bushwhack the heroes in a ravine and flank it armed with bows to the left and right three on each side while two with spears stop the carriage.
Should it come to a fight and the heroes succumb I offer two possible solutions
1. The heroes drop all unconscious and will subsequently be found and healed by the son of the village major, a semi-elf.
The carriage is of course gone.
2. Should a defeat unavoidable the mentioned semi-elf with two of its servants interferes and comes to rescue the heroes in their fight.
The carriage is still there, all is great.
How feasible is solution 2 in Deus ex Machina?
Is the encounter as entry to the adventure too much?
The group of Goblins will later on play a decisive role, they are not only cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I didn’t expect so many answers, in particular not with so many brilliant proposals and hints.
I will certainly follow many of your ideas and feel now more confident in my narrative.
I have dismantled the lamp once more.
And then put it back together again.
Unfortunately it still doesn’t work.
Therefore I would like to return it nevertheless
Could you send me the return labels then I will package the lamp and bring it to #PRS_ORG#.
Save shipping costs and time - and relieve the environment with that!
If you need more than one article then click only on “Pay now” when all items are in the shopping cart.
The combination shipping will thus calculated automatically and everything comes to you in one package.
This way you save several transactions/payments and the environment is happy since no unnecessary packaging material and gas consumption for the delivery of several packages will be needed.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and the German Post!
Normally we send out your order, when paid by 14:00, still on the same business day.
To receive your package in the fastest possible way please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is attached to your mailbox and your door bell.
Do you want us to deliver your package to a pack station?
Then select DHL because only DHL may deliver to a pack station.
We will send you an email with the tracking number if you had DHL or DPD selected as sender.
With that you can check about the whereabouts of your package from about 22:00 on.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If and when you are satisfied with our service then we are looking forward to your positive feedback and award us with all five stars in your detailed rating.
Should it happen once that not everything was done to your fullest satisfaction we would be grateful if you contact us before you rate us.
Only this way we have a chance to do everything to make you happy.
We didn’t do anything with the chair.
the tear appeared suddenly
I only sat on the chair
The lower part, the part with the storage room was damaged.
Do you pick up the whole thing or only the storage part?
Sky Sport F1 gets on my nerves
Hi dear F1-Fans, the quality on the German Sky decreased more and more in the course of the season so that I want to ventilate a bit with this post.
Today, in the middle of the F2-race the transmission was aborted for the first time to let the F1-pre-reporting begin on time.
The time plan was way behind planning caused by a delayed start and the accident at the start, however, one could have shown nevertheless the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the decision of the championship (!).
Apparently it looks like that the F1 enjoys priority for legal reasons and everything else must be cut back so that Sky DE didn’t have a choice.
Still stupid because Sky UK finished the transmission of the race to the end.
Nevertheless a small praise: the commentator Oliver Zwartyes reported the difficult situation about that serious accident pretty well.
In the F1 the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher demonstrated once more their lack of knowledge about the rules since neither of them knew that you may change tires under the red flag.
Despite that this situation had already occurred in this year in Imola, Baku and Silverstone both commentators first concluded that Verstappen may change the tires when respective radio messages to this subject were transmitted to Hamilton.
At Sky UK as well as RTL both commentators knew immediately that Verstappen did have this opportunity.
I believe one should know about those elementary rules when you comment the F1 for a Pay-TV-station.
And this is not the first guesswork what is possible or stipulated according to the rules, both display constantly simple insecurities regarding rules.
Generally I dislike Roos’ artificial commentator style but I admit that is a matter of taste.
Seriously, I even prefer Heiko Wasser with RTL.
In addition they utter constantly some sorts of silliness that makes them come across as unprofessional such as the ordering coffee from (also unexpecting) reporter Peter Hardenacke or “UuuuuHD” from Ralf Schumacher.
Especially the last one creates plenty unrest in the commentary who obviously does not take the job seriously.
Last but not least commercials get out of hand at Sky, in the cool-down-lap Sky is the only station which turn to commercials as you can hear at F1TV since only the German sound track must deal without commentary directly after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do that.
These two stations show much fewer commercials during training than Sky and that as Free-TV-station.
You must praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, however, that alone doesn’t let me forget the disadvantages.
The other program by Sky Sport F1 is also rather poor and full of reruns.
Altogether Sky is really the worst German speaking station that transmits the F1.
Unsarcastically RTL does a better job - except for the commercials - with the four races they are still allowed to show.
In this way the magnificent F1 season provides much less fun as it would be possible with a reasonable station.
Please let me know your opinion.
On this one: #PRS_ORG# pendant light, brass and multicolored glass x 1
Hi, I have an article that was due to be delivered last week but still hasn’t been delivered.
I contacted Chat twice but so far haven’t heard from you.
The first lady promised to send out the article on Monday and a second lady told me yesterday that they will check and send an email but she has never responded.
Hi, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on 12/12/19.
One of the items showed a defect already after a relatively short time (material had a hole at the anterior part of the chair).
I request support.
Fan pumps are especially suitable to supply an aquarium with additional oxygen.
It is also possible to run a filter system via a mammoth pump.
We offer this series in 3 versions.
Please view the chart at the end of the offer.
There you can compare performances.
If the pumps are strong enough you can run entire units with them.
If you have a big aquarium pumps with 2 or more exits are suitable so that you can connect several outlets.
The MK series has two or four exits, depending on the fan pump model they are also suitable to set accents in the aquarium, e. g. with an air curtain (you’ll find that here in the shop) or with a decoration that changes air bubbles into a function.
For example, a treasure chest, a shell or something similar.
The MK series features a special soundproof construction and thus produces low operating noises.
The installation is easy.
The fan pump is connected to an outlet or similar via an air hose 4/6 mm...and that’s it.
The fan pump should be mounted on the outside, even or higher than the water level.
If the fan pump is mounted lower than the water level one should place a check valve in between.
Simply cut the air hose and fir the valve in between.
That would prevent water from flowing out of the aquarium through the pump should the water reverse its flow.
If the fan pump is mounted in open air it should be covered and protected from moisture like any other air pump
The MK series pumps are pure powerhouses that consume little energy
Even tough we indicate our processing time on e-bay with 3 days, we package daily and the packages are also being picked up daily.
If the transport is flawless, delivery is fast.
We only wanted to be careful so that nobody is upset only because it took a bit longer once.
It would be like that, not everybody has an understanding for all the coworkers who also work for delivery...of course, Corona doesn’t stop here.
Please, don’t immediately rate us poorly only because the delivery is delayed, that is exclusively a thing of the parcel services.
One likes to complain about those services but we must also say,...it is rather difficult for them
Regionally it is often quite different.
Don’t be mad at anybody, stay healthy and we all hope that better times will return soon.
how long does it take to order the yellow ones with or without the armrest?
Can I also order the legs here in light color?
Amazon founder Bezos sends astronaut daughter and moderator into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV moderator and four additional passengers undertook a short trip into space.
On Saturday they were transported with the rocket system “New Shepard” of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos’ company Blue Origin.
Start and landing of the about ten minute flight happened in the west of the federal state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky Bezos personally welcomed back the freshly crowned astronauts after their return.
“Welcome back”, said Bezos, wearing a blue spacesuit, when he opened the hatch of the capsule.
Under the applause of friends, family members and coworkers of the Blue Origin the six passengers climbed one after the other out of the capsule and hugged the Amazon founder.
According to information from Blue Origin they were on their way for ten minutes and 13 seconds and reached a height of 107 kilometers.
The 74 years old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of Alan Shepard (1923-1998) who flew into space as Nasa astronaut in 1961 - Blue Origin’s rocket system was named after him - and the 50 years old TV moderator Michael Strahan were guests of honor of the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: aerospace engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not tell us how much they paid for their tickets respectively.
After the short flight Laura Shepard Churchley reminded of her father’s mission.
With all his missions he had to work hard and had to do everything himself.
She was only a simple passenger, said the 74 years old with a smile.
Michael Strahan was also excited.
He’d preferably return back into space again immediately, said the moderator.
“New Shephard” flies up to a height of 100 kilometers
The rocket system “New Shephard” flies largely on automatic.
The capsule is separated from the rocket during the flight and reached a height of about 100 kilometers above the earth, temporarily with zero gravity, before the reusable object was slowed down by large parachutes and landed again.
The International Aviation Association and many other experts see the 100 kilometers above the earth as border to space, however, there is no binding international regulation.
It was already the third manned space trip by Blue Origin: With the first trip in July Amazon founder Bezos was personally on board together with his brother Mark, a 82 years old retired female US-pilot and a 18 years old Dutchman.
The second trip in October was accompanied by the 90 years old Canadian actor William Shatner who became world-famous with his part as “Captain Kirk” in “Star Trek”, then also the previous Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, the entrepreneur Glen de Vries and the acting boss of Blue Origin, Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin to push business with the space tourism largely without scientific research interests for the good of humanity and regardless of the climate.
In an uncomplicated way you may select via pressing a button whether your “Smart Stone” should light up permanently in one color or display its entire color repertoire.
When set to changing colors the light stone maintains a color for about one minute until it smoothly changes to the next decorative color.
The solid construction of the “Smart Stone”-light works all year long outdoors.
Its light is especially splendid in a snow-covered environment - only a shortened illumination period might occur as soon as the days become shorter.
Please note in wintertime that snow doesn’t impair the solar module in its function.
“Smart Stone” uses a NiMh battery with known Mignon (“AA”)-format that can easily be exchanged.
You can purchase a suitable replacement battery via our workshop and thus prolong the decorative light’s lifespan.
Very glossy effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look like chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces especially for the looks of rims, wheel covers and paintable plastic parts when pre-treated respectively.
With this product DUPLI-COLOR is offering a smudge and weather-proof chrome spray for the first time.
The optimal effect is reached with a black base, e. g. through pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as single can and as set incl. effect primer and anti-dust cloth for the optimal preparation of the paintwork.
For application on metal, wood, glass, paintable rigid plastics, stone.
Perfect, that matches :) I don’t need to attach anything else?
You only need the tracking number for my mail?
Somebody who works in the biochemistry industry or who has studied biochemistry
At the moment I am enrolled in the first semester Biochemistry and I find the subject rather exciting and to participate in the lab doesn’t bother me (I have already completed my inorganic Chemistry internship).
Of course I have gathered information about career prospects already before my studies but thought at that point in time that I like to and certainly will continue my studies until my PhD.
But currently I have my doubts, in particular about my career prospects.
On the one hand (study check etc.) I hear again and again about excellent career opportunities and that this profession is totally sought after, then again I hear about unemployed biologists and incredibly low-paid openings.
In view of that I would be really interested in:
1) In what capacity do you currently work?
2) Are you happy about your work/salary?
3) What did you study/ which training did you receive?
4) Would you do all that over again?
Many thanks for your replies!
At the moment I am absolutely uncertain and consider to give up my studies in 2022 and to pick up an education as IT specialist.
In case you have experience with that please let me know :)
Extra stress before vacation & holiday weekends
This was also subject for me last week.
I had to use my long weekend now to relax from it.
Therefore only a post now to that.
Not only before the big vacations such as the Christmas vacations do we experience extensive stress in the company.
It seems stress occurs also before holidays plus bridging days.
That is what happened: Last week was Assumption Day which is also called “Ascension” in Switzerland.
Most of the people and companies make the Friday a bridging day that is therefore semi-official.
So last week we anticipated therefore a long 4-day-weekend.
So what was happening last week?
Stress everywhere.
Many emails that had to be dispatched before Ascension, here an order, there an order, everything “absolutely” before the long weekend.
Because... yes because?
Because does “next week then” sound like so much time and that must not be?
Or, in all seriousness, because do people want to accomplish so much in a shortened week as in a normal one?
I was then not only stressed on Wednesday but also greatly annoyed.
What is it about this self-flagellation due to holidays?
What for do we still have holidays if we are not allowed to really enjoying them?!
Mind you, stress does not come from the above, the colleagues developed that all by themselves.
My question is quite simple here: As Swiss, are we the only ones?
Is that our Reformed-Protestant kind?
Or do you know this also up North?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to spend Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - however, she still hasn’t bought any presents.
“The good thing is, even if it should have no snow in Erfurt, you simply drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest”, said the actress and singer to the Hit Radio FFH.
She would tune in to the festivities by baking cookies for her son and do some handicraft work.
“I’m loving that”, said Catterfeld.
But she would still have some work to do up to the reflective days: “It is the first time that I still have no presents, I must finally get going”.
NEKTON-Bio supports smooth process of the molt and plumage growth.
NEKTON-Bio contains all vital vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200000 µg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of occurring plumage damages with bird keeping trace exclusively back to dietary errors.
Since the plumage consists of a protein-containing substance an especially rich and balanced protein diet is prerequisite for the bird in order to form a perfect plumage.
For a functioning metabolism the daily diet must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
A majority of animal losses during the molt is based on insufficient or unbalanced protein supply and/or insufficient supply with vitamins and minerals.
The ingredients of NEKTON-Bio explicitly consider and balance the unfavorable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based animal feed.
During the application of NEKTON-Bio no additional vitamin products should be given.
NEKTON-Bio is cold water soluble and can be given via the drinking water or via soft food.
Many thanks, I found it
Unfortunately it still does not work
GDR - handmade model Altbau E-locomotive E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the locomotive was used in Silesia and Central Germany, the very rare locomotive originates probably out of the remodeling suggestion of the model train enthusiast ME magazine 11/1968, used with play tracks and missing parts, see photos, goof function; the series E 95 is a heavy freight train electro-locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG) that was designed for the traction of heavy coal block trains in the Silesian network, it is possible the series dates back to the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
One locomotive is presently in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and we refurbish it to be operational
The Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (German Reichsbahn Company) ordered from AEG in 1924 to present proposals for an electro-locomotive that should be able to transport 2200 tons coal trains and 530 tons passenger trains with a 45 km/h travel speed on this rail route.
They requested a maximum speed 65 km/h.
Thus the DRG decided in March 1926 about the delivery as 1’Co+Co1’ locomotive with set bearing drive that AEG should deliver the mechanical parts, the Siemens-Schnuckerwerke the electric parts.
From December 1927 until June 1928 six locomotives were delivered and were assigned the company numbers E 95 01-06.
They all survived the Second World War and were later found on the territory of the later GDR.
In 1946 the locomotives were brought into the Soviet Union as reparations.
In November 1952 they were brought back to Germany.
The Reichsbahn Repair Center Dessau determined that all six locomotives were worthy to be refurbished.
[4] When the progressive re-electrification of the Central German network demanded an increasing need of locomotives for the heavy freight train service the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were refurbished in 1959, whereby the other machines served as spare part providers.
With that, the E 04, E 44 and E 94 that existed in larger numbers, were refurbished first.
Only when it was obvious with the E 94 that the refurbishing amount could no longer be increased the E 95 became focus of refurbishing.
[4] Initially the locomotives were placed in the Bahnbetriebswerk (depot) Leipzig-Wahren.
In 1960 they were transferred to the depot in Halle P.
They were used in an own rotating plan mostly for coal trains from Geiseltal in the direction of Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
With increasing age the complicated controls of the locomotives posed some problems.
It happened more frequently that contactors remained stuck when switching gears.
The traction unit attendant who was a permanent feature on this locomotive needed to loosen the contactor with hammer and wooden wedge while the train was moving.
Damages on the motors occurred more frequently and caused monthlong downtimes of the locomotives.
[5] Since sufficient numbers of newly built locomotives existed by the end of the 1960ies and since a significant expansion of the electric operations were not planned then, the Rechsbahn could waive the old locomotives and most of the splinter types so that the E 95 were decommissioned.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn wanted to staff electro-locomotives now only with one person, what would have caused problems in train operations based on the mentioned difficulties with the machines and the visibility from the driver’s cab.
[5] After the E 95 02 as well as the E 95 03 had been decommissioned mid 1969, they were followed by the last one, the E 95 01, that was retired on October 5, 1970.
The intended new name 255 001 was thus never used.
Except for the E 95 02 all locomotives were disassembled.
The E 95 02 was placed into the main train station Halle as point heating system substituting the future museum locomotive E 77 10.
It still took some time until the responsible persons at the Rechsbahn could be convinced of the fact that the E 95 was worth of preservation as museum locomotive.
In 1979 the initially exterior refurbishing of the locomotive began with the goal to be able to present it at a vehicle show in RAW Dessau.
[5] Since then the locomotive belonged to the Transport museum) Dresden as non-operational museum locomotive.
In 1986 the interior refurbishing of the locomotive was completed.
The DB Museum Halle (Saale) takes care of the locomotive museum-like.
Since 1995 coworkers of the Traditionsgemeinschaft (tradition community) Bw Halle P work on the refurbishing of the locomotive to make it operational again.
In April 2015 the locomotive could be presented for the first time with a new interior and exterior finish at an exhibition in the Museum-Bw Arnstadt, where the transformers had been checked and five traction motors are operational.
-Until 1945 the locomotives were used at the Silesian mountain railway and the branching side-routes where they stood their test due to their reliable drives and their low maintenance costs.
In February 1945 the machines were relocated to Leipzig to the Central German network.
Main operational area was initially Silesia
Handmade model H0 in OVP, good function, necessary are visual reworks on the locomotive by the user, dusted, with play marks, cellar odor !!!, very rare handmade model, very rare edition, the kit might come from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging might show labels and storage marks.
Yes, they are the F-parts
I received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with one part.
The central beam is supported by two feet.. unfortunately, these are too small and the beam cannot be mounted onto the feet.
What do we do now?
I cannot assemble the bed.
The central beam is supported by two feet, unfortunately those are manufactured wrongly.
The central beam does not fit into the intended bracket.
So you’ll send me a new one.
When will you send them?
no, not flat ones.
According to the assembly instructions they are the right ones from the form but they were too small
But that is not important.
Main thing is they serve their purpose
With me they are not flat
Could you send me those?
Hi, #NAME#, should I explain the problem once more?
House fire with two slightly injured and massive damage
Two people were slightly injured in a house fire in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, estimated damage in a six-digit Euro range occurred, reported the police on Sunday.
The fire probably spread from a carport to the adjacent house in Kinsau (district Landsberg am Lech).
According to given information, two inhabitants were hospitalized with light smoke poisoning on Sunday.
The exact cause for the fire was not know at first, however, the police did not suspect intentional arson.
The CID Fürstenfeldbruck assumed the further investigations.
But that will arrive later
And I must pay for shipping costs again
To invalidate fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin published a photo of his first vaccination in the beginning of 2021 on the social network “LinkedIn”
Biontech boss Uğur Şahin has so far not commented his vaccination status publicly.
The businessman published now a photo hat shows his Corona vaccination.
A friend of his fell ill and that caused him to get vaccinated, informed Şahin.
The CEO and cofounder of the Mainz company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, published a photo that shows as he is getting vaccinated against the Corona virus.
“The social media reported false information that I allegedly would be vaccinated.
In fact my wife and I have received 3 doses of the Biontech Pfizer vaccine”, wrote Uğur Şahin on Friday in a message in the network “LinkedIn”.
“Friends have urged me for months now to post a photo of me that shows how I get vaccinated to counter these false rumors”.
Up to now he had declined that because the communication shouldn’t be about him personally.
But a call in the past week had changed his attitude: “I was deeply saddened when I learned that one of my old school mates is currently fighting for his life.
He is fighting against a severe Covid-19 illness and is on a respirator since three weeks.
The school mate and his family have not been vaccinated, continued Şahin to write.
He did not ask for the reasons.
“The most common cause might be the angst that is frequently fueled through misinformation and mistrust”.
Angst is difficult to fight with facts, sometimes it is better therefore to share personal experiences.
In the Internet circulates an interview with the Deutsche Welle in which Uğur Şahin says he were not vaccinated.
However, the video originated in December 2020 as the Deutsche Welle made clear itself.
“I am currently legally not allowed to receive the vaccine myself”, said Şahin then.
Germany prioritizes the vaccination with the vaccine.
Meanwhile that prioritization has long been lifted - and the Biontech boss had been vaccinated three times according to his own words.
Fire in transformer substation: Tens of thousands without power
On Friday evening the lights turned off in several communities in North Rhine-Westphalia: no more power and thus probably no more heating in many cases.
A fire had paralyzed a transformer substation.
Tens of thousands people in the Rhine-Sieg-district in North Rhine-Westphalia had to manage without power for about 24 hours after a fire with serious damages in a transformer substation.
Fire on Friday evening turned off the lights for 41000 inhabitants in several communities.
The provider Westnetz reported that numerous emergency generators had been operated on Saturday until the widespread malfunction could finally be completely repaired late that evening.
Fire fighters and helpers of the THW rendered assistance in the communities.
The authorities offered shelter in schools and called on neighborhood assistance.
The provider thanked the affected group of people for their patience and the helpers for their support.
We are very much aware of the fact that the last 24 hours brought about significant restrictions.
We also thank the affected communities, the district, the fire fighters and the THW for their tireless support”, said the manager of the segment Primärtechnik, Florian Witt, in a message on Saturday evening.
Repairing the damages would still take several days since the Westnetz technicians could initially operate again some lines only provisionally he explained.
According to information from the company a technical defect caused the fire.
Power is on again
According to information by Westnetz the fire that broke out at about 19:15 very much damaged parts of the 10000 Volt unit in the transformer substation Neunkirchen-Seelscheid.
Costly cleanup and repair work would be necessary there.
Parallel to that a link to a 30000 Volt voltage level had been established.
With the help of this bypass the power supply has been re-established.
Over 21000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth had power re-connected on Saturday at 18:00.
Another 20000 inhabitants of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were step by step re-connected from 21:30 on.
At 23:15 the last people affected by the malfunction had power again.
Over 80 technicians from Westnetz and partner companies had been in use.
After establishing emergency power supply for important buildings the authorities had also called on neighborhood assistance on Saturday midday.
“It is important now that the citizens care for older or alone living people in their neighborhood and that they inform the local fire fighter stations when help is needed”, stated county commissioner Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
When emergency generators are installed and operated the care for residents of old folks homes ranked first.
According to information by the authorities shelters in school were also established for those people who could not care for themselves or who need power-dependent medical devices or rather depend on medical care.
Good day!
Unfortunately the blanket is sold out in Germany.
Can I purchase it from you and pay with EURO?
It is the bedspread #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you’ll have a nice too and stay healthy ♡
But I can’t mount the frame on the tabletop.
It is a Custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions of it.
We wanted those with a tabletop diameter of #NUMBER#
but we received 155 cm diameter.
Today my #PRS_ORG# arrived, but I can’t telescope and thus shorten it.
Could you help me with that?
Otherwise, I must return it since it won’t be suitable for the purpose.
I am looking forward to your reply
yes, that is really simpler!
Then let’s do it so!
do you send me a return label via email?
the repair is now done.
I tried that already before the chat.
Before purchasing, however, I did not restart the E-#PRS_ORG#.
Should I do this now?
I almost find such a low voucher almost an insult.
We do not agree to that
Nordic combined: Nordic combiner Riiber wins
The German Nordic combiner Fabian Reißle and Julian Schmid sprinted into the ranks at the World Cup in the Estonian Otepää.
Once again the duo was defeated by the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber who started into the trail already with a big lead after the ski jumping.
Return of the order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be remitted to my account?
Yes, we already have both renewed and use the version 4.5...
could be that you’ve heard of problems more frequently
With my #PRS_ORG# I bought directly a book, it seems it is listed there.
As soon I want to open it, a message appears, oops!
This document cannot be opened.
The file is possible defective, report it ton customer service.
As far as I can see it is a #PRS_ORG# file.
Can you help me with that?
The Chat connection is gone, and now what?
I also need to work occasionally!
For the paint application to be even and clean you should cleanse the components from dust, grease and fingerprints with some soap water, rinse them with clear water and dry them.
Before you use the brush with new paint on the model for the first time, we recommend that you practice 2 to 3 brushstrokes first.
You can do that on interior components that are later no longer visible, or on a cup of yogurt.
The first stroke on a component
Draw the brush evenly stroke by stroke.
A slight overlapping of the paint layers will provide an even surface later on.
Avoid fast back and forth wiping with the brush.
That creates areas that appear unrealistic.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the light colors.
The dark ones could show through later on.
Use metallic shades and metallic colors with a separate brush only at the very end.
Otherwise, you might experience ugly metallic streaks when they mix with normal colors.
Let the painted parts dry for a whole day before you integrate them.
The models appear true to the original through decals or rather transfer pictures.
From national emblems on planes, ship names to trims and signs on cars: Decals give the finishing touches to the models.
Apply decals in the right sequence as long as the components can be reached easily.
It is easier to glue on decals to a plane’s cockpit before it is integrated in the hull.
Even more important than the correct tools such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks are time, patience and a steady hand when you apply decals.
Cut out every needed decal individually and put them in the right order.
Decals are also named waterslide-decals because you moisten their backside with water for a short time until the release paper darkens through the applied moisture.
Then you slide the picture only a small distance from the paper and you apply the item onto the respective location on the model (which had also moistened prior to that).
While you adhere the decal to the model with a tool you laterally pull away the release paper.
Attention: Always check first whether the picture fits correctly before you slide the decal completely from the paper so that it does not adhere to your finger, crumbles or even tears.
Blot surplus water with some household wipes.
Note: not suitable for kids under 3 years
I can open a book only for a short time, as soon as I look for something else I cannot read the book any longer; I must log out, log in again, re-load the book and find the place where I stopped reading.
I already communicated with you on Saturday.
Do I get this via email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp was sent to me in 3 single packages
OK, nevertheless many thanks!
then I will buy it somewhere else as soon as the money is returned.
But do I get the money back without a problem?
Fertility treatment at PKV / What is an “insurance claim”?
Hi you all,
we participated in a fertility treatment for some time, now in regard to the account settlement with the PKV the insurance suddenly objects.
In order:
We had applied for the fertility treatment at the PKV beforehand and got confirmation for 3 attempts.
These attempts were in no ways (e.g. timeframe, success, etc.) restricted.
The first attempt resulted directly in a successful pregnancy and birth and the account was balanced with the PKV.
Some time later we attempted to have a second child and conducted 2 (unsuccessful) attempts but didn’t settle the account with the PKV as of yet.
We again applied for the cost coverage at the PKV and they granted again 3 additional attempts.
After several additional attempts (we attempted more often than granted, invoiced logically the most expensive to PKV), presented the bills to PKV and received some bad news: instead of 5 attempts (2+3) PKV wants to reimburse us only for 3 attempts.
The reasoning: The pregnancy/birth forfeited the remaining 2 attempts from the first confirmation.
The second desire to have children became a new insurance claim.
However, according to AGB “The insurance case starts with the treatment, it ends when the need for treatment no longer exists.”
The questions for the experts here:
* Who is right here, the PKV (only 3 attempts were granted) or we (5 attempts should be have been granted)?
* Was the PKV obliged to indicate to us in its confirmation that further attempts were voided after a birth?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance case?
The infertility (caused by blocked ovaries) has not been healed through giving birth of the first child.
It would be great to learn about experts’ opinions.
Many thank in advance for your help!
Can you send me the three versions via email and tell me how I could best reach you again
Okay.
We will no longer place orders with you.
When you add up sales from me and my friend #NAME# (same address) you will have obviously lost good customers.
You might just as well forward this to your manager.
This is not competitive.
Yesterday your colleague told me that reimbursement had been initiated and now you are telling me that I first have to return the item.
It is certainly not my fault that the sideboard arrived at my place completely destroyed
Please view the screenshot what the colleague had written me
It says clearly and unmistakably that the reimbursement had been initiated and I still have not received the reimbursement from #PRS_ORG#
You can tell your manager that you have lost two regular customers now.
My friend also ordered diverse furniture for our apartment via his account.
We now won’t do this any longer.
No, the defect was only visible after a few months.
An office chair must withstand normal use.
Otherwise, you must not sell it as office chair.
Regardless of that, a warranty time of 24 months applies.
No, it is impossible for me provide a different kind of packaging.
I will dismantle the cabinet and make it available for the carrier in that condition.
Hi, I have a question to your series #PRS_ORG#
You advertise these products with stools that must be purchased in addition but unfortunately we can’t find those in your catalog.
Can you help us?
Subject of the week: The best low budget movies
There is no general definition about what exactly represents a low budget movie with exact budget limits.
Wikipedia states the following to this subject:
>A **low-budget film** or **low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
The net lists plenty of low budget movies such as under Letterboxd.com.
Do you know interesting representatives of this category?
What do you find appealing?
And what do you actually not like at all?
I am a very good customer at your company, I already furbished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
I would like to inquire about the best price for the grey leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time was extended once more, is that now a binding time?
Many thanks
With friendly regards
Is there no phone number, a chat where one needs to wait for 30 min is no chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes about the waiting position...I will give again on that because it just doesn’t work here.
Hello
“Half a victory” against Belarus at high costs for the EU
According to the political expert Raphael Bossong the EU can announce a “half victory” in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
However, the costs would be very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees at the Belarusian border with Poland and Lithuania, told Bossong the Evangelische Pressedienst (Protestant News Service) (epd).
The EU had never solved the confrontation sustainably explained the researcher to the Berlin Stiftung Wisssenschaft und Politik (SWP) (Science and Politics Foundation.
This limbo - Belarus does not quite back down but the EU feels like a winner - will still continue for a while.
Bossong judges that the handling of the human beings at the border would not be consistent with the European human rights convention.
Obviously there would be an “increasing normalization of pushbacks” through individual EU governments.
Since the EU in its entirety does not oppose it decisively the situation goes at the expenses of the basic rights.
That development would also weaken the solidarity of the Union.
“The Union can obviously not prevail when a member state insists on following its own agenda”, like currently Poland that doesn’t even grant access to the borders to the EU border management agency Frontex.
Furthermore, the EU would pay another price for its policy at the borders with Belarus, so Bossong: An agreement in principle about the asylum policy would be complicated since the line “border management” had been strengthened.
Anew attempt of border crossing
According information from Polish border guards migrants attempted again in the meantime to reach Polish territory via Belarus.
55 migrants were arrested in the night before Sunday and were brought back to the border, said a speaker for the authorities on Sunday.
Polish officials had reportedly been pelted with stones thrown by migrants in the incident not far from the village Czeremsza.
According to reports one soldier was hit in the face and had to be treated medically by a military doctor.
The border guards registered altogether 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
A group of 28 migrants had climbed the border barriers already on Friday evening.
Thousands of people from countries like Iraq and Afghanistan have crossed or tried to cross the border between Belarus and the EU in the past months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukaschenko as ruler in Minsk to have lured them with the hope to be able to travel into the EU.
According to press reports Poland and Lithuania cordoned off entire border sections.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened air carriers to bring migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU officials travelled to countries of origin of the people to stop their departures there.
The most effective element of the EU reaction would be to pressure air carriers, said Bossong.
“The EU has weighed here its market dominance and proven its determination to act with hard bandages and extraterritorial sanctions”.
Minsk would also have to consider domestic consequences.
The Belarusian society is probably not prepared for a situation where their security apparatus smuggles thousands of people through the land on a regular basis.
Mercedes launches protest after the controversial Formula 1 finals
In Mercedes’ view Max Verstappen broke the rules twice during the race.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula 1 finals in Abu Dhabi Mercedes filed a protest.
The Mercedes Silberpfeile suspect even two rule breakings during the last Grand Prix of the year.
One protest refers to an alleged violation by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull during the last safety car phase when he allegedly passed another car against the rules.
A second protest was launched against the assessment at the end of the race.
The protocol was not observed consistent with the rules in the view of Mercedes.
Verstappen had passed Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes still in the last round and raced to his first Formula 1 title.
The maneuver happened at the end of a safety car phase during which the Dutchman passed cars that were in front of him.
I check that.
I talk to my bank and will call you back
thank you for your support
Free-of-charge admission for members: The Euro-Park organizes a SC Freiburg fan-day
The Europa-Park, eponym for the Euro-Park stadium of the sports club Freiburg, invited to a SC Freiburg fan-day.
As the park announced members and season ticket holders of the sports club from the Breisgau as well as members of the fan community were allowed free-of-charge admission to the Euro-Park on this day.
In addition vouchers for drinks and sausages were also offered.
The roller coasters shined in red and white uniforms on that day.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red-white balloons displayed a perfect background, reported the park.
The cooperation exists between the Bundesliga club and the amusement park, located in Rust, 40 kilometers north of Freiburg, already since the beginning of the 90s.
The first SC Freiburg fan-day in the Euro-Park showed once more how fitting this partnership is.
“To see those happy fans who enjoy the fun in the roller coaster rides confirm that”, said Euro-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
why is the €#NUMBER# and not as the original €1699?
Stages in the carrier of the new world champion Verstappen
The Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new world champion of the Formula 1.
Max Verstappen has achieved it.
The Dutchman in his Red Bull won his first WC-title in his seventh year in the Formula 1.
His way to the summit of the royal class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen gambled away the cart world championship after his crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen leaves him in anger at a gas station when they travelled home.
His mother Sophie Kumpen collected the teenager in the following car.
2014, England: Red Bull’s junior team welcomes Verstappen as promising new recruit.
The 16 year old one thus follows the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
For the time being he continues to drive in the European Formula 3.
2015, Australia: At age 17 and 166 days Verstappen starts in a Grand Prix as youngest pilot in history.
Due to a defect he had to prematurely park his Toro Rosso in Melbourne.
2015, Malaysia: The then Toro Rosso pilot Verstappen is also the youngest racecar driver with 17 years and 180 days who fetches points in the Formula 1.
At the Grand Prix in Sepang, Malaysia, Verstappen ranked seventh.
2016, Spain: Verstappen wins immediately in his first race for Red Bull.
With 18 years and 228 days Verstappen becomes sensationally the youngest Grand Prix winner in the history of the Formula 1.
2019, Hungary: I Budapest celebrates Verstappen his first pole - he is not the youngest.
With 21 years he outpaces Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes team colleague Lewis Hamilton.
2021, Abu Dhabi: He is on top.
With 24 years Verstappen celebrates his first WC-title at the Formula 1 finals in Abu Dhabi - with a passing maneuver against Hamilton in the final round. dpa
I had huge trouble with you then #NUMBER# when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# sideboard.
Judith Hermann read from her novel “Daheim” (at home)
The author Judith Hermann read from her current novel “Daheim” within the book reading tour “LiteraTour Nord” on Friday in the sold out Blue Note where she also appeared as moderator.
Judith is divorced, lives in a house at the coast and listens carefully to the nightly sounds at her doorstep.
Yesterday I posted the contact form for returning an article but I haven’t received an email confirmation or something similar to it.
My question is whether my inquiry has been received.
Not everybody has the time for your stupid chat and the wrongly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake, which you solve and not everything from our household.
Contact Mrs. #NAME#.
I cannot chat with you every day
We chatted yesterday and agreed that I or rather Mrs. #NAME# will receive an email with a 60 EURO voucher, a renewed order of the #PRS_ORG# nightstand and a return label.
So far, the email was not sent.
Still today I would like to bring the package to #PRS_ORG#.
Please contact me
With kind regards
The LokSound 5 decoder can simultaneously play back up to 10 channels.
Each channel can here be dispersed with up to 16 bit / 31250 kHz and finally offers HiFi quality on your unit.
Functionally, no difference to the original is audible any longer.
A class-D audio power amp with up to 3 W output drives the loudspeakers which may have an impedance between 4 ohm and 32 ohm.
The gigantic 128 Mbit sound memory provides sufficient capacity.
All individual noises can be adapted individually in their volume.
The super-flexible sound regime without rigid sequencing allows the prototypical simulation of all imaginable rail vehicles.
Three brake functions that are adjustable separately and two alternative load scenarios lend you maximum control of your vehicles.
Sorry, but only because he insists that he is no anti-Semite it doesn’t mean anything.
That is like somebody from the AfD says he is not opposed to foreigners.
Neither of them will admit his/her true color.
But Kollegah produces continuously some anti-Semite messages.
When you want to distance yourself from it just leave it completely alone.
Then you will be taken less seriously similar to Kollegah.
Who seriously questions the act of evolution is simply completely out of it.
For all I care God has initiated the whole thing.
But as soon as you are creationist you must believe that earth is 10000 years old and that science talks only nonsense.
And thus you are a science denier and you are no longer taken seriously just as Kollegah
To get an optimal visual field the magnifying glass should come as close to the eye as possible.
The especially designed aplanatic-achromatic lens system allows you to use the magnifying glass practically free from distortion and color error-free up to the peripheral zone.
The magnifying glasses are often identified with magnification details.
This information is, however, only valid for exactly pre-defined conditions that rarely correspond with the conditions for use.
In order to be able to use your magnifying glass optimally we ask you to take note of the references in the chart “Technical data” (see user manual in the packaging).
Light reflexes originate on all lens surfaces of all optical devices - also on folding magnifiers.
An anti-reflex coating significantly reduces these reflections.
Observing the optimal conditions for use - magnifier close to the eye - reduces the perception of reflections on the lens surfaces.
Further information you’ll find in the enclosed user manual (provided in German and English language).
Zeis VisuCard Credit Card Magnifier Magnification Pocket Magnifier Reading Magnifier Reading Aid
Whether as reading aid on the road or simply for the everyday small size occasions: The Zeis VisuCard is the ideal helper since you can take anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And its hard coating makes it robust against special wear and tear in everyday life.
Every magnifier needs a bank card cover for storing and for safe transportation.
You want these parts that you can see in the pictures or rather that are described under “What do you offer”.
In which condition is the offered item?
Everybody can overlook something at any time because no human is free from errors - should that be the case one day simply write a message and it will clarified to your full satisfaction (either through an exchange, instalment payments or complete refund).
A proper bill will be issued to you.
We always mail our items unless it is explicitly requested differently by the buyer, insured with delivery number by DHL!
Please find the individual shipping costs under above mentioned delivery conditions.
There are no further costs for handling.
ok, all say authorized, how can I check that more precisely?
yes, both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do that, very nice and good service, it did however take long until you reach human contact, they were great
Hi there, dear #PRS_ORG# team,
I have already contacted you via the customer contact with the number #PHONENUMBER#.
Yes, but you mentioned before.
You cannot deliver from England due to #PRS_ORG#.
Pine tree sales in Schönwolde: Women select the Christmas trees in the community of Krembz
Farmer Frank Diers has experienced quite some strange situations when selling pine trees.
One day a man supposedly drove home without his partner because the two couldn’t reach an agreement.
Every year he’s planting about 2000 trees for that.
With that the 56 year old man experienced some strange situations.
But that makes the pre-Christmas season always somewhat entertaining, he says.
And what is with the voucher??
Otherwise I’m gone as a customer?!
After all I have received a defective delivery and paid for it the full amount.
Then I will take this also into account accordingly!
We don’t need to discuss who prepared the better meal but a certain similarity between the two is obvious.
Both dishes consist of meat that is grilled on a rotating spit.
And both have their name from it.
In German an equivalent would perhaps be the “skewer” but that doesn’t sound so inviting.
Problems with glass fiber + Devolo DLan/Magic
Since a couple of weeks we have a new glass fiber connection in the house.
Unfortunately I have problems now to establish a stable Wifi network.
Prior to that I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and I used Devolo DLan which received and sent 50 Mbit without problems except for a few malfunctions.
The new glass fiber connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and on the DLan module that is connected to the FritzBox and they arrive there.
However, the full 500 do not arrive on the other DLan module that sends the Wifi and the farther I go with the module in the house the less signals will be received (I also use a power outlet that is 1, 2, 3 rooms etc. distance from the other module).
The result is that the Internet with the new glass fiber connection is even slower on the first floor than previously (\-45 Mbit).
I ordered a new Devolo Magic Set since new technology is apparently being used.
This set is somewhat better than the DLan but revealed similar losses.
Could someone explain to me why so much Internet speed is being “lost” with glass fiber via the power line?
And is LAN really the lone solution?
It would be extremely costly to have LAN cables in the house.
I am really desperate this is why I established an account here.
Therefore I would be very happy about some answers.
When the time comes to change the checking account
Who thought everything is quiet about checking accounts is gravely mistaken.
While many banks used the fall to have - with all kind of tricks - past increases in fees once more confirmed by their customers the allowances for negative interest rates continue to drop.
The deutsche Bank e. g. was considered to be relatively generous with a limit of 100000 Euro.
Now it just about cut the allowance in half and even quartered the daily allowances.
In a first step the limit was lowered only for customers of the group segment Postbank - to 50000 Euro for checking and investment accounts and to 25000 for daily allowance accounts.
In the meantime, however, these lowered allowances apply to the entire Deutsche Bank as a spokesperson confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts but also for “newly reached individual agreements with regular customers”.
The Commerzbank had already earlier dropped the limit to 50000 Euro which still applies, just as it is done at the ING Deutschland.
The Direktbank DKB popular in particular with cost-conscious customers lowered the allowances in two steps, first to 50000 Euro and now to 25000 Euro.
Still: More than 100 banks meanwhile have an allowance of 25000 Euro or less according to numbers issued by the Internet portal Verivox.
The Sparda-Bank Berlin has also reached the 25000 Euro mark: However, a legal dispute with the consumer advice centers is still ongoing there; in first instance they actually prevailed against this regulation before the district court Berlin.
Now the banks already discuss whether the institutes should possibly build up reserves - just in case that also higher instances declare the negative interest rates principally for inadmissible and that they have to pay back millions to their bank customers.
Delivered was a tabletop for 8 people instead of a tabletop for 6 persons.
The base frame is the one for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs an entire beauty army
She is now officially top star of Hollywood.
However, her life is rather tumultuous.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was selected most influential woman of the year by the US magazine “The Hollywood Reporter”.
For Jennifer, who made a big splash in 2021 with the “Friends” reunion and the continuance of her series “The Morning Show”, this success is first of all the result of much discipline and hard work.
A whole army of assistants, stylists and coaches take care of her appearance.
According to Aniston she indulges after all in eating one chip per day (yes, you read this right: one SINGLE chip out of a bag).
That female and male fans adore her likewise is, however, actually a miracle.
Perhaps because she simply has bad luck with her happiness - and is still searching for true love.
And she gave up on the desire to have a baby.
Prior to that she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
That hurt her.
People who asked her that have no idea what I am going through personally, medically, why I can’t do that.
It was really hurtful.
Let us hope that success and stardom create also happiness.
Unworthy finish of a carrier: Räikkönen must give up
Kimi Räikkönen’s departure from the Formula 1 was even more quiet than intended.
Abu Dhabi - The 42 years old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That was it.
After a driving error and a light collision with a guardrail Räikkönnen had to park his Alfa Romeo after not even half the race at the Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, the “Iceman” finished his carrier in the royal class of motorsport.
His wife Minttu and his two children had travelled to the United Arabic Emirates to bid him farewell.
Räikkönen’s greatest success was winning the world championship in the Ferrari in 2007.
He had 21 Grand Prix victories, started 18 times from the pole and stepped onto the podium 103 times. dpa
Friedrich gets 60. World Cup victory - Nolte wins in two-women bob - sports
The benchmark of the Norwegian Nordic biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 victories is the goal of the bob-pilot.
“I have calculated that once, I would have to win nine and a half times per season then I could achieve it until Cortina in 2026”, said double Olympic winner from BSC Oberbärenburg who posted even two victories in two days at the races in Winterberg.
First he fended off Johannes Lochner’s attack by five one-hundredth while driving from rank three to rank one.
Then he changed something at the material settings and pulled away with an even larger lead of 0.30 seconds on Sunday.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle) he prevailed against the Brit Brad Hall.
The Austrian Benjamin Maier scored third.
“We took a greater risk today and were rewarded”, said Friedrich, who achieved his 22. win in series.
Johannes Lochner from Berchtesgaden, starting for Stuttgart, reached this time rank five after rank two the day before.
Christoph Hafer from BC Bad Feilnbach ranked eighth after he had landed in place four in the first race.
“If I would know what he does differently I would also do the same”, opined Lochner.
Nolte with home win - podium for Jamanka
Laura Nolte got her third seasonal victory in the two-women bob at her home track.
After she ranked only fourth with the mono-bob the day before she raced to World Cup victory with pusher Deborah Levi at a German triple win on Sunday.
Two-women bob Olympic winner Mariama Jamanka from BRC Thuringia reached rank two with Germany’s fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
Beside her Olympia qualification she achieved her first ranking in this winter.
Kim Kalicki from Wiesbaden with Leonie Fiebig landed in place three.
For me it was super cool, first ranking in a World Cup race, I am super happy that Mariama takes me along.
I am very happy about this development.
There is still great potential at the start, but the start times were okay today”, said Burghardt and stressed: “It is not only pushing, there is also still much to do all around”.
Jamanka was a bit upset about the not quite flawless runs, but opined: “We’re going in the right direction”.
I have the blanket already in the shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I just didn’t receive the voucher and therefore I couldn’t utilize it, therefore I finally inquired about it.
Due to Corona I had quite different problems last year and didn’t have the time for it.
And now you tell me it has expired, and that makes me very angry.
Please look into the Chat, the subject was the Asare bench.
I would like to return it and then re-order it since the price has now been reduced :)
Why does delivery not start until 3/16?
Your website did not indicate such a long delivery time
No, only when I click on it an extra field with a message arrives
Was accepted by your colleague yesterday.
Why is it a problem today
I also sent you pictures of the wrongly delivered merchandise.
But we nevertheless would like the shelve module but rather a new, undamaged one
And not cancel the entire order.
Only still this day, only still this week, only still to XY...
Hi dear beautiful girls and women,
I have something here I would like to write about and perhaps the one or the other experiences the same thing...
I am 24, have kPTBS, am fulltime student and dog mom - irregardless that my dog doesn’t scream or visits the kindergarten he ist practically my 1 to 1 child.
My friend (together for 6 years) is ill suffered from a burn of 2nd degree on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is in therapy now).
Yesterday I visited him because I also do have emotional needs and because I wanted to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was beautiful.
I helped him having a shower (his hand is all bandaged up because of the burn).
On top of that he has a cold and we see one another currently less frequently (1-2x week) what is very hard for me with my needs for affection and love.
My dog-child has an upset stomach, I cooked for him and now he lies in his blanket and relaxes a bit once I brought him a heat lamp and petted him.
I live alone with my sister and my mother and she is currently gone for one month.
Now we still have to manage the household and we share the work of course.
But even cooking has become much work for me now...
My PTBS illness has been adjusted quite well, I am treated well to some extend and manage.
Not too well, but I manage and am almost symptom-free.
My university requires my full attention, tomorrow at 15h we have a written test for which I have not yet studied and the day after tomorrow we have anatomy hour for which I should prepare myself at least a bit.
And next week I have an oral exam right on Tuesday, and what is happening then is written in my calendar and not in my head because there is no more room for it.
My week goes as follows: Only to the day after tomorrow then it is weekend.
But then the whole thing continues?
Only until my birthday.
Only to the start of vacation.
Only until the weekend.
Only until to...
And there it goes on in all eternity.
I believe I am currently so stressed that I need these mental reference points, otherwise I couldn’t take it.
Somehow I feel guilty and “chaotic” but I couldn’t handle it otherwise...
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I am greatly grateful that don’t have to work.
Really eternally grateful, I can’t even find words for it.
I don’t know whether I would otherwise have survived my kPTBS.
I think that also has partially to do with the mental load of women and therefore I thought that I might find fellow sufferers here for sure...
At any rate I still wish you a relaxing evening, the week is almost over!
Today I have received my order but unfortunately its color is totally different, its surface is scratched and the table leg shows an imprint.
With the first delivery the color was just like the one shown on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
If we exchange the table now do I get another color, or what else?
The email regarding the cancellation was sent to you on 12/26 under #NUMBER#.
By the way: twice.
However, it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I had noticed in school then that many teachers of religion did not believe in God and that this subject was just an additional one such as math or geography.
I found this quite strange perhaps because I was brought up in Christian faith and thus was always somehow a believer.
What is your opinion?
Perhaps you can talk about colleagues at work or from your studies who have different views.
Principally I understand the difference between private life and profession and it makes sense, to keep them separate.
There is also a curriculum etc.
But I would also find it strange to have a physics teacher who doesn’t believe in the relativity theory.
What then causes a person to want to teach religion when you don’t believe in it?
Preserve culture or similar?
I hope this question isn’t too personal.
Can it be changed, yes or no? I like to write in English, I understand it well
That is quite long, then I would back off
Alright, thank you.
I expect your reply promptly no later than at the beginning of next week.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Movie search please help
Hi, dear people,
I am looking for a movie from my childhood (am 24).
I think it was a movie for young people.
The film featured two timelines (or parallel worlds).
There was the modern world (real world).
And there was the past world (or the realm of the dead)(not sure about that).
Since I can’t describe it in more detail in the real world there was a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead was a young soldier (his uniform was similar to those of the soldiers in Curse of the Caribbean).
For some reason their ways cross and a plot originates.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman into his realm to be able to live.
I believe the transition is also the tomb of the soldier.
I believe at the end both soldiers fight against one another.
If you can recognize it I am grateful for any hint.
Our baby has slept on her belly from week 1 on.
Fast forward: is still alive :D
Relax.
Such a child can tolerate much more than you think.
Pay attention to everything around it is okay, no plush toys, go in there more frequently and look after it, but no constant monitoring.
That would drive you to insanity!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
And by the way, our child had no sleeping bag but used a blanket from the beginning.
Watch you child once when it is asleep.
Does it turn its head sideways?
Can it support itself somewhat from its belly?
Or does it lie with its face directly on the mattress?
From there you can learn whether everything is okay.
We all grew up to become adults and when my husband was born is was quite common that kids were laid to sleep on their belly.
Besides that, we are already “regular customers” and we have purchased already very many articles from you
But why do you offer me then only 20 EURO?
Hi, yesterday I wrote to a colleague of yours but so far I have not received any answer.
Subject is my wardrobe that arrived the day before yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer does not fit into the cabinet.
I ask you to contact me as soon as possible.
The wardrobe can currently not be used as is.
To say it loud and clearly.
RBTV promised a lot.
And well, I personally know not all promises can be kept.
And I also had a lot of fun with RBTV.
It is however clear that this station’s policies are meanwhile totally unacceptable.
Almost every format is being sponsored (ok) but then at the same time they go begging for things.
It was said they were an “independent” Internet station.
Quote Arno: We didn’t want to be a “running advertising pillar”.
So what are we now?
An average advertising station that tries to sell its BilloMerch to its elite fans.
And then we still have Marah’s Do’s & Do nots.
They apply to everybody except for Simon and Etienne.
Of course they can continue to offend the people.
A Krogmann who totally lacks empathy who tries to turn into ashes the exploded leased rooms at the account of the action.
How can you tolerate all that?
Great, if you like it, I despise it.
Please call me back since the delivered wooden table was delivered defective.
Corpus fracture due to damaged delivery of the #PRS_ORG#
Whether it consoles me when I have a stomachache or simply when cuddling - my little warming companion finds use in many ways.
Cherry stone pillows are a traditional household remedy for soothing heat applications because cherry stones absorb heat very well and are able to emit warmth again in doses.
The removable interior pillow can be warmed up very easily in the microwave or in the oven.
The soft cover makes the application a pleasant experience so that the little ones feel secure even when they don’t feel too well at times.
As heating pad the cherry stone pillow with cover is suited exclusively for the following areas of application:
Check for atypical odor and mold stains or burn marks before you warm up the pillow, and if they exist dispose of the pillow immediately.
Please remove the interior pillow from the cover before heating it!
In the microwave at maximum 300 Watt for max. 2 minutes (please observe the instructions by the microwave manufacturer!)
Directly after warming it distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking it!
After that return the interior pillow into its cover.
With first warming the pillow’s surface might become slightly moist; that will disappear with repeated applications.
Please, observe the indicated warming instructions at all costs since longer warmup times or higher energy can lead to damages (ignition hazard and risk of burns!).
Before warming up the pillow in the microwave check the manufacturer’s user manual if the heating of grain products is allowed.
After returning the pillow into its cover, please check the pillow’s temperature on its arm bend whether it is suitable for babies (max. 430 C)!
Do not use the pillow when a person suffers acute and chronic, inflammatory or feverish illnesses, has circulatory problems, fresh hematomas, bruises and open wounds, as well as with persons with reduced pain perception.
Please consult a physician before the application when skin, heart, vein or tumor illnesses, or a pregnancy exist.
If the seams of the pillow got loose and individual stones come out, dispose of the product and the loose cherry pits immediately and inaccessibly for children.
If you use the product with babies under 1 year, the temperature of the child should be checked regularly during the application to exclude overheating!
All grave events incurred in connection with the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the respective authorities of the country in which the user lives.
The cover is removable and can be machine-washed at 300 C.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt in second place after away series - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 is allowed to dream of a return into the Fußball Bundesliga.
Meanwhile Hannover 96 works on leaving the bottom of the league.
Ingolstadt does not have a good run even with the third coach.
Celebrations in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top game, happiness in Hannover about interim-coach Christoph Dabrowski, and frustration in Ingolstadt after the unsuccessful debut with new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery kaput?
Last night my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was not charged by my power supply.
I had purchased a new one about 5 months ago so it should still be working.
I thought the lone power supply is sufficient for operations.
My bad, the battery is empty and the laptop does not start anymore despite plugged in power supply.
Then I took out the battery but nothing worked.
Perhaps you have ideas?
I ordered a new battery but why can’t I use the laptop with the power supply?
Is something else malfunctioning?
Many thanks for your replies!
I request the delivery of the #PRS_ORG# into the room.
How can I book that?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
But I don’t know how high is the seat...
On the road often and still carrying a lot of equipment?
With the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design no problem!
20 liters capacity pose no problem for even larger camera equipment.
And what else you might need on everyday items - they remain well organized in the individually configurable interior thanks to practical accesses, and separate from the camera equipment.
In addition, “Updating” the Everyday Line to its version 2 (V2) brings a new look to the series.
The chic minimalistic design literally has it in itself - Peak Design developed some highly innovative solutions for the Everyday Backpack series that protect the interior of the rucksack reliably but nevertheless grant also immediate access to your camera equipment.
That works with two possibilities: Once quite conventionally via the cover flap that can be locked with the MagLatch closing system - an excellently thought-through solution for effective protection that has proven itself with the Messenger bags.
Here you’ll find a metallic locking hook with suitable anchor bar on the front side of the rucksack.
Different from most backpacks Peak Design considered here various “fill levels”: there are indeed 4 anchor hooks, strongly riveted, in which you can hook the locking hook.
When the backpack is fully loaded you just use the most upper bar, if it is rather empty, you use a lower one.
In addition, the cover flap lock and the hook are also magnetic.
This way the backpack can also be closed reliably without snapping in the hook.
The second possibility differs the Everyday Backpack also fundamentally from other photo backpacks: Beside the cover flap there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the rucksack.
That eliminates the greatest disadvantage of common backpacks with access from the top - you don’t have to search through the contents any longer!
At the same time this clever detail increases its everyday usefulness enormously: If and when you carry along not only your camera equipment but also everyday items or travel utensils.
You can configure the interior of your Everyday Backpack individually (more about that below) and so you can pack both items separate from one another without problems - and reach them independently via the two lateral openings.
You may pull the rucksack in front of your body from the right side and e. g. access the camera equipment in the right main compartment while the everyday items remain securely in the left half of the backpack, and nothing interferes in between.
Comfortable, easily adjustable carry straps help with that.
The exterior cover of the rucksack is also completely made from 100 % recycled weather-proof nylon which keeps the contents dry even when you plan travelling to Scotland in fall.
Unfortunately, I’ve been waiting for your support’s email in vain.
#NAME# promised me yesterday an email to confirm
the order to establish contact with the carrier regarding the pick-up of the wrongly delivered table.
I did not receive any message until now.
I ask for the immediate processing.
I write already to the third support coworker but with none of them I succeeded further than a promise that I would receive an email to confirm.
Subject is the return of the wrongly delivered Custom #NAME#
Can you tell me when the cabinet could be re-delivered?
To keep it as is, is no option for me.
It works.
Many, many thanks for your help
I want to wish you a pleasant evening
hi, my order number is #NUMBER#, when will you be delivering the article?
Order and payment were placed on 1/12/21.
A completely different lamp from the one I had ordered was delivered to me
Please call me
If you extend the voucher then I will place a larger order immediately, after all I have kept the damaged furniture and didn’t return it.
And that the past year went differently than expected I could not foresee and I was unable to solve and clarify the issue in timely fashion.
But I suffer the consequences as customer and I don’t accept that.
Rotinger brake disks are made for the demanding dynamic driver who appreciates reliability and safety when breaking even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake disks are made of cast iron and then processed mechanically (drilled and cut).
All tuned disks are manufactured in short series according to individual technical properties that fit only certain disks and patters.
Based on the individual technical drawing a special manufacturing program is being produced that complies with the properties of the original assembly with the balancing of the disk.
Disks manufactured and tuned in this way guarantee high comfort and brake efficiency.
Additionally applied openings increase the efficiency of disk cooling whereby the trim cuts improve the cleansing of the brake disks and the brake pads.
Esthetic properties of our tuned disks underscore the character of every car through their attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the Westcoast.
In winter of 1848 a man discovered shiny chunks at the southern junction of the American River.
Though he tried to keep his discovery a secret the news started to spread fast and triggered the so-called “California Gold Rush” of ‘49.
Thousands came from near and far and made Coloma to one of the fastest growing and flourishing cities of the country.
Areas were staked out, tents pitched, and salons and hotels popped up almost over night.
Everybody wanted his/her share of the country’s richness.
For many it meant: “Coloma or Bust” (Coloma or Bankruptcy)!
In this game you are a pioneer who seeks richness in the West and wants to make a name for him/herself.
You will search for gold, recruit workers, gather horses and build up companies.
You will also get the opportunity to explore the surrounding river runs and the adjacent regions.
You are not alone - the other pioneers apparently have the same intentions!
You must outperform your pioneer colleagues so you don’t get bust with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast strategic game with many ways to victory.
You select your actions simultaneously, you must budget your resources and establish a tableau that “works” more and more for you (so-called “Engine Building”).
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, to get additional actions or change rules to your advantage.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridging tiles you can develop your individual playing style with the help of slight adaptations.
Coloma plays over a period of three years from 1848 (the year in which the gold was detected in Coloma), across 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) to 1850 (the year in which California received the official statehood).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round the players select secretly and simultaneously a site on the game plan where they can perform actions.
After that their selection is uncovered and they place their pioneers onto the suitable sites.
When a site has the most pioneers he/she gets locked!
The lock deactivates one half of the site - that will reduce possible actions there.
Then the players perform alternatingly actions, such as the obtaining of resources, movement of wagons, pitching tents, search of rivers, building of bridges, opening businesses and the positioning of gunslingers.
When all actions are concluded the pioneers will return back.
The advertiser turns to a new site at the beginning of each round and thus changes the available actions.
This continues as long as the advertiser had moved five times thus covering each site once, and the year ends.
There is a gunfight where the players must defend Coloma against a raid of furious bandits.
When the players had contributed enough gunslingers and successfully outnumbered the bandits, they receive rewards.
However, if they fail they receive lesser rewards or end up in a cemetery.
The game ends after the third gunfight, then the final scoring takes place.
The player with the most victory points wins!
Game shipped free of charge up to measures 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm; shipping method: consignment (games are foiled).
With all others mostly DPD insured and with delivery tracking (games foiled, wrapped in foil and packaging paper).
If you are a collector then I can send package in carton for an additional charge of 2 EURO so there 100 % won’t be any pressure marks.
“Why children are not tyrants” Doku, ARD Mediathek
CW psychological abuse, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentation resurfaced today on my Twitter timeline and I watched it immediately.
>The child psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a popular guest on talk shows and he gives lectures Europe-wide.
With his book “Why do our children become tyrants” (2008) he triggered a significant educational debate.
Former patients and legal guardians raise now severe accusations against him.
Please pay close attention the film is hard to watch.
And I am very grateful that meanwhile many people thing and act differently.
For us as parents and other responsible beings it must never, never, never! be about power over a child.
Our goal must always be to grant a child enough room for its development and to make the frame for the child big enough as it makes sense for and is possible in the situation.
Brrr, I am still shaking.
Holetschek: States consult about dropping the obligated tests for triple-vaccinated
In their next meeting the state secretaries of Health want to decide about dropping the test obligations for triple-vaccinated.
“We, the States need quick clarification whether and from when on the test obligations can be dropped for triple-vaccinated”, said Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Secretary of Health Conference to the “Bild am Sonntag”.
The elimination of 2G plus for triple-vaccinated would make “sense not only medically but also provide an additional incentive to get vaccinated”, said Holetschek.
Federal Secretary of Health, Karl Lauterbach (SPD) had said “that he would present a proposal to that to the Secretary of Health Conference already on the upcoming Tuesday”. - afp
I would like to return the lamp
What is the best way to do it?
Hi, I find the #PRS_ORG# chair very nice, however, I can’t see how high is the seat.
Can you help me with that?
I can no longer purchase anything via my #PRS_ORG#.
Message: Oops, an error has occurred.
Shopping via the #PRS_ORG# site on the PC works.
I updated the account data.
What can cause that?
What you describe is called *Awareness*, namely sensory perception under general anesthesia.
Those occur with a frequency of about 1 in 1000.
Most frequently the hearing of noises/voices will occur, more rarely the eying of images and very rarely the perception of pain.
Relevant for this subject: Cesar sections are operations that are accompanied by an increased rate of awareness since the use of a very deep anesthesia is avoided to protect the child until cutting the cord.
Preceded episodes of awareness should be mentioned when explaining the anesthesia.
Certain anesthesia procedures such as totally intravenous anesthesia (TIVA) pose a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear all, my comment describes awareness correctly, however, ** u/Nitemarex ** didn’t have any per definition.
Have misread your commentary.
But the chair is defect.
The 20 € won’t make it go away.
These are legal warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be that you take back the defect chair.
Besides the legal obligation this is standard in the area of eCommerce.
Please check once more if you would at least take the defect chair back.
Then we will sell the second chair privately.
This way we will lose also some money.
I already sent you an email but you didn’t respond.
The question again.
On the order and on the invoice it says that the merchandise will be delivered up to a room of my choice.
The carrier is the company #NAME#.
I just called them.
I was informed that they only deliver to the doorstep - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is that so?
If yes, I must cancel the order since I don’t know anybody who can carry the heavy furniture up to the first floor.
will I not be called on the phone?
I posed a question
Theater historian Günther Rühle died at the age of 97
He had made a name for himself as theater critic and also as director.
Later in life he wrote a monumental theater history.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
The new book still lies on the table, hot off the press: “An old man grows older”.
The shocking diary of a slow good bye to the world lived by theater critic and journalist Günther Rühle until April 2021.
And while reading the news broke that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book is: “My ever thanks for my life”.
There are different kinds of pallets.
One of the most common ones are Euro-pallets, normed wooden pallets that find their use as load carriers in particular in European areas.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
In 2020 more than ten million pallets were produced according to the Statistics Austria in Austria.
Their production value was at around 79 million Euro.
It is not clear how many pallets are being imported to Austria annually
New York gets MLS championship for the first time
New York City FC won the title in the Major League Soccer for the first time.
After a 1:1 in regular playing time against host Portland Timbers the team from the Eastern Conference decided the final game in penalty kicks with 4:2.
In the finals of the Eastern Conference New York had prevailed against the Philadelphia Union, the team, coached by the German Kai Wagner.
Roulades tips & tricks
One week ago I received many great tips for a perfect goulash.
We had it for Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and butter tender!
Many thanks again for the recipe :)
Now I found my taste and I want to cook roulades for the first time for New Year’s Eve.
Tomorrow I will prepare a beef stock for it.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I have no oven but only a big pot.
Where do we go from here?
What is it with the books or rather how do I get them again on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English is not so good anymore but I will handle it
Subject is the reimbursement of €#NUMBER#
on 01/18 I was already informed via email that the refund had been issued.
However, no money has been received by me up to today.
Would you please check that.
Where a Christmas roast is still available in the Lübeck area
For many people goose or duck belong to the Christmas days like the Christmas tree or presents.
You didn’t purchase your poultry yet?
Time is running out.
We tell you where you still can get a Christmas roast in the area of Lübeck.
The “driver” of a tube power amplifier contributes significantly to the warmth and richness of the guitar amplifier sound.
These characteristics will be perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controller you can adjust the desired level on the one hand, and also the distortion level of your sound.
Furthermore, the amplifier of the VT+ series offer a unique POWER LEVEL controller that lets you reduce the sound volume without changing anything on the “Gain” and the distortion.
As we already mentioned above one can also activate a reserve capacity with the POWER LEVEL controller when the sound level is once all too loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL controller you can utilize the entire potential of the VT+ series in every situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as line output.
This is to say that the signal applied here will be processed with a box simulation so that you’ll get an eminent “acoustic” sound impression even when using headphones or rather with direct recordings.
A CD or MP3 player may be connected to the AUX jack so you can jam to your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also integrated - therefore you don’t need a separate tuner.
If you grant yourself a VFS5 foot switch in addition you may also call on the sounds comfortably via foot, switch the effect blocks off and on and “tap” the tempo of the compatible effects respectively.
This is actually indispensable for live use.
VOX takes another step into the future with its new power packages!
But I have seen that so at others.
Is there then the possibility to return the lamp?
Since it hangs too low above a dining table?
So I would like to return it.
Can you help me with that?
And the sideboard?
In the next few weeks do we receive another update of the exact delivery date?
Hi, have you ever sit down on the #PRS_ORG# chairs
If that does not work I would be happy with a discount or voucher.
Perhaps I can find a buyer for the furniture.
By the way, beyond € 1.000 for merchandise that I don’t need are quite a bit much.
I have just received my delivery and would like to know whether screws were part of delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) with the provided hook.
That is no satisfactory answer and the holding time was not worth it
Do you have a premium customer status in your company?
Iran sees progress in negotiations about the Nuclear Agreement
According to Iranian information progress is made in the negotiations about reviving the international nuclear agreement.
“Both sides are close to agree on subjects which should be part of the agenda”, said Iran’s chief negotiator Ali Bagheri on Sunday to the news agency Irna.
This constitutes a “positive and important development” because at the start one couldn’t even agree on common subjects that were to be negotiated.
The agreement ought to prevent the Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
On Thursday the Vienna talks to revive the agreement were continued after a week-long interruption.
Emissaries from Iran, Germany, Great Britain, China, France and Russia participate in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also present in Vienna but does not participate in the negotiations directly.
Thuringia surpasses Saxony - free sate now federal state with highest Corona incidence
Thuringia replaced Saxony and exhibits now the nationwide highest Corona incidence.
As the only federal state Thuringia sports a Corona incidence over 1000.
Thuringia is the only federal state where the Corona incidence reached a mark over 1000 on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute indicated the seven day value with 1025 new infections per 100000 citizens.
Saxony that had featured the nationwide highest incidence for the longest time this mark was at 990.5 on Sunday.
The incidence had sunk a bit in Thuringia on Friday and Saturday the mark was still at a value over 1000.
Within one day Thuringia reported 2242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2-virus and 16 additional fatalities in connection with an infection.
200 severely Covid-19 affected people were cared for in intensive care units at hospitals on Sunday.
Weekends may cause a delay in reporting.
In addition, the health departments have been overburdened already for weeks and they can hardly catch up with registering new cases.
I understand that.
Since the delivery will be done only at the beginning of March perhaps it is possible until then.
I must print it, paste it on the package and bring it to the post office, that’s all?
do I have nothing else to click on/specify/fill out?
Exactly that I’d like to avoid therefore I am writing to you.
I would like to take care of the return at my own charge.
8 EURO return fee is unheard of in my view.
It is time for changes
###MBundestag, greetings to all of you, I am u/StratorDE on the floor in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#What is this post for?
When you look at the activity of the previous months of the MBundestags you can only determine: It doesn’t exist.
We have entered hibernation and expanded the summer hole to some months.
#Where is the problem?
Yes, what was the cause for it?
For the most part this is probably attributed to the dissatisfaction how things have been called upon and how they are generally being presented.
The last few days left increasingly the impression that many are still rather keen having the MBundestag.
#What we have to change
Here the community around the MBundestag is asked which they want to keep alive.
The impulse came from u/editVEVO who became aware of this project during the last few days and who had, simply said, found shambles.
After some exchanges in writing several people from the community were found who feel like resurrecting the project.
However, I would once more call on all explicitly to participate only in this way the project will have a chance to exist in the future.
We produced a platform for debating in form of a discord server on which we can share our thoughts and work also on concrete subjects.
You can reach that server via this link.
Goals:
* How should the MBundestag work in the future?
* Which existing regulations must be changes / adapted / removed?
* How should we appear to the outside in the future?
* How should we recruit new members?
* How do we create a fair election system?
I am pretty sure that I’ve forgotten something but that is not so important for that we have the discord at the end.
If you feel like it join the discord, work with us and let us decide about the future in a democratic way.
I ordered a lampshade with it that will still be delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/bulky for that and not suitable for my taste.
For that I already ordered a different suspension from you.
I put it together and then noticed it when I took the soft foam.
Very sad about that.
I hope that this will be returned and I get fully reimbursed.
This is also quite sad since the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I still have another question: the bedspread #PRS_ORG#, do you have it in plus size, so for example in 240/240?
#PRS_ORG# must yet be able to guarantee me that the defective cabinet will e picked up promptly.
And I’d like to ask you to take care of that now.
I don’t have suitable packaging but will dismantle the cabinet as far as possible for pick-up - you must clarify with #PRS_ORG# how that is going to work.
#PRS_ORG# can reach me on the phone at any time to set up a pick-up date.
Are there instructions for the assembly?
How much time do I have to get those or rather to decide on the return?
How do you answer the question why you are a vegetarian?
Today I had a talk with a colleague who I dearly like.
She herself had been living as a vegetarian for a while and eats currently meat on very rare occasions.
I myself was also vegetarian for several years.
I answered the question honestly and without hesitation whether I always wanted to be vegetarian and whether vegetarianism was a planned interim stage.
For a long time I thought I would support animal welfare as vegetarian but I reflected and understood eventually that I also supported animal cruelty with that.
Therefore my decision to become vegetarian.
In this moment I had the impression that my friend became rather displeased, she then defended vegetarianism and mentioned that she knew where her meat would come from and that one would reduce the suffering of animals as vegetarian.
Now I ask myself whether my answer was too “crude”?
How do you answer this question?
I have the feeling that as a vegetarian you are rather fast discriminated against and conflicts arise without provoking them.
Regards from a harmony-loving vegetarian (;
It clearly does not refer to an exception according to § 312 BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not absolve you from the requirements regarding distance sales.
I will not be present at the assigned date when the #PRS_ORG# picks up my return.
Since I can’t be present due to a funeral unfortunately that can’t be changed.
Could you please assign me an alternative pickup date.
From 02/01 #NUMBER# on I can be reached again continuously.
Firefighters in Lahnstein equipped for water rescue: 45000 Euro grant from the state
Just recently in the Lahnstein city hall the Rhineland-palatinate secretary of the interior Roger Lewentz presented a grant notice in the amount of 45000 Euro to mayor Peter Labonte for the purchase of a new equipment cart ‘water rescue’ of the voluntary fire department.
The total costs of the vehicle that is being used since November 2020 amount to 135000 Euro.
A good and important investment for safety.
“I am glad that the state Rhineland-Palatinate supports us in that”, says the mayor of Lahnstein, Peter Labonte.
The equipment cart will be used by the diving team Lahnstein, one of altogether seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below the water those units are busy with water and ice rescues as well a technical assistance.
Lahnstein anticipates permanently increasing rescue services: The boom of hotel cruises on the Rhine and Mosel as well as the still increasing use of the river Lahn as recreational river contribute to that.
I bought a book but I could only read 10 % of it and then the problems started.
I can’t open the book.
However, I had followed your recommendations and synchronized, removed and re-loaded the app; NOTHING worked.
I am somewhat frustrated because the entire action took already much time, and I hope now to receive help.
Okay, is that way.
I would like to order 3 articles from the collection of #PRS_ORG# for June.
Can I enter a date during the order process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard the above mentioned values have been found in the Fenix lab at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% humidity and the integrated 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values may deviate according to the flashlight used, its age and the environment.
*: The burning time at the level ‘bright’ contains the burning time with reduced brightness due to the overheat protection.
2) Retailer are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the retailers or distributors from which they bought the Fenix lights for warranty support with the warranty card issued by Fenixlight Limited and with a commercial invoice or a receipt.
To our authorized merchants Fenix will provide the technology and parts which are required for the maintenance of our lights.
1) 15-day free-of-charge replacement: Fenix replaces a new product within 15 days after the purchase due to possible manufacturing defects if and when problems occur with normal use.
We will replace the product with the same model.
If the model was discontinued customers receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free-of-charge repair for 5 years: Fenix offers free-of-charge repair for lamps within 5 years from the day of purchase if and when problems occur with normal use.
Various warranty times for different products:
With the exception of the above mentioned products and accessory parts other products or free-of-charge offers by Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited life-long warranty: For lamps that have exceeded the free-of-charge warranty time for repairs we offer life-long repairs but charge a fee for parts.
The retailer informs the customer about the costs for the part before repairing it.
4) Warranty certificate: Customers request customer service from Fenix retailers or merchants by presenting a completed Fenix warranty card, a purchase invoice or a receipt.
The distributor should offer the customer service and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free-of-charge warranty does not cover damages or malfunctions that were caused by:
any defects or damages that were caused by improper operation, including, without being limited to, the operation that does not correspond with the warranty or the instructions in the product specifications.
As an example, the product specifications describe that the sealed head must not be dismantled since this might damage the flashlight and make the warranty invalid.
Any defects or damages that can be traced back to other handling cannot adequately be checked by Fenix.
6) In order to assert a warranty claim please contact our warranty department with the following information: Name, type / model of the warranty object, serial number.
First, let me thank you that you face up to the whole matter here, I devoted myself to a similar activity in public service for almost a decade, to say we were also arms bearers in the executive, but I won’t expand on it any further!
I find the question to the Right and the Left always very simplified.
Principally, however, one should say that the civil servant naturally comes rather from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary Left, that should be understood by everybody.
Of course, uniform and arms bearers attracting magically in particular people right from conservatives should be understood by everybody, and the fact that these people have real difficulties with handling the lived reality is naturally also obvious because you live nowadays with the average white person, but also with many Germans with a migration background, women and also homosexuals (and with that I do not refer to the overly feminine cliche gay man because they do less or rather not at all exist in the executive, but rather quite normal men and women who go unnoticed unless they tell you about it) and I can and must rely on these people also, since in case of doubt they save your life or sacrifice their own for you.
But these fringe groups represent also a conservative attitude, according to my experience, even when it sounds strange to begin with, that is to say they are proud of Germany and feel rather left alone by excessive left politics even when those politics supposedly stand for them or rather states to have to please them, whereby they simply want one thing, namely to be treated quite normally.
Back to the Right, since of course police and armed forces are also a cross-section of society you will also find extreme Rights there, however, that these people are allowed to express their opinion openly or even to plot some subversive plans is medially exaggerated and makes me also angry.
Of course it happens that specifically also police and soldiers who often served overseas begin to generalize often based on negative experiences and say sometimes things that are controversial to politically incorrect.
It also happens that even right comrades-in-spirit meet who further a vivid exchange of thoughts.
In my view this is combatted pretty well and also counteracted with political education and enlightenment!
Germany is internationally so much involved and that has, in my opinion, its benefits, so that we cannot afford at all to have real racists and Nazis in our country!
Yes, however, I don’t understand it since I have ordered the other basket also on the German Page.
Why should that come from England?
When I ordered it the item was not sold out.
I have ordered it already in November.
but this was confirmed to me in your confirmation of the order
I am still referring to my order that can no longer be delivered.
Prior to that I chatted with #NAME#.
Alternatively, one still might be able to deliver the other #PRS_ORG# black basket for #NUMBER# Euro  to Germany or is this basket also somewhere available in Germany.
I can find you only as partner company.
but at the upper edge of the wooden part there are two deep notches that were filled with some yellow filler
and the mirror itself shows a small scratch
More tidy due to child?
Hi, a subject keeps bothering me (f32) for quite some time.
At work I am very orderly and organized (I am self-employed, very little free time), but all my life I have been struggling to keep my household permanently clean and orderly.
There are phases where everything remains as is and then it gets to me and I tidy up and clean.
However, it does never really happen “ that someone could come to me spontaneously to visit”.
My husband (unfortunately) is not much better, it does bother me somehow but most of the time the household simply loses against work and reluctance.
The kitchen is being cleaned most regularly since we like to cook.
Now to my question, did you manage to become more tidy with a child?
We still don’t a child but we work on it and this question has been bothering me for a while.
Because for myself I have no motivation, it doesn’t really bother me as long as nobody comes visiting and e. g. clean clothes are always available and the kitchen is clean.
Are you motivated more with a child or do you remain sloppy?
Looking forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new and high-quality as well as anatomically preformed cut offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus allows almost unrestricted free movement.
Preforming with special wide embossment at the joints for improved free movement (at arm and knee bends)
For the Focea Comfort 4 with the Flex System 2 the through the flex system covered area was more than doubled to increase comfort even further.
Seamless stretch panels at the joints reduce any friction (armpit, arm and knee bends)
High-quality preforming in the lower backside area and in the crotch provides a tight, perfect fit.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch-panel in the lumbar area increases the flexibility around the back zipper and thus improves the comfort in particular when bending over and when mounting and putting on the equipment on the surface.
The Free Flex Zone located around the shoulders and at the back guarantees increased flexibility when moving your arms and back.
Fireskin is a warming water-resisting material with a special surface structure that offers great protection against cold.
Positioned on the chest it warms sensitive areas of the body.
Seamless thin (-2 mm) on the face at the hood increases the comfort, the seal and the fir (separate hood)
Soft zone in the collar improves the sealing with fine adjustable settings via a flexible gentle Velcro fastener that does not stick to the lining or to the seams
Double cuffs with zipper on arm and foot joints link a foldable interior cuff with a soft and lined Neopren exterior cuff
450 notch at the end of the interior cuff for increased elasticity and resilience when dressing.
Long zipper at the neck with Elaskin reinforcement for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on the overall without hood
Long G-lock P back-zipper (overall without hood) with metal slide and integrated Water Dam system for improved sealing (Beuchat patent)
Zippers on arms and legs
Neopren reinforcements on all ends of the zippers to avoid ruptures in case excessive force is used.
Neopren panels are flush glued together with exterior and interior overlapping
Edges of the exterior cuffs are hemmed for better durability
Edges of the interior cuffs are notched for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system was designed to fixate the computer at its place, especially with deep dives (the system is compatible with all common bracelet computers)
Careers in social work - as somebody with a avoidant personality disorder?
I accomplished my education in the software development sector and finished my studies about a year ago.
Unfortunately I’ve been noticing more and more that this profession is not the right one for me; therefore I consider for quite some time to start over again and to study social work.
The problem: I have an avoidant (or rather timidly avoidant) personality disorder (ÄVPS).
Roughly speaking that means I have no self-esteem and I am accordingly rather shy.
I have no problem to speak with people on a factual level but I find it very hard to engage in casual conversations and I was told quite often that I seem to be unapproachable (whereby I personally believe that I have improved).
With that can I become a social worker?
I don’t want to work as a street worker or work in an open youth club but rather as educational consultant for example or in family support.
But I don’t know whether the concrete daily work routine is so as I imagine it and it is difficult to find something about it in the Internet.
The ÄVPS already causes problems in my job (for me, emotionally) because I feel down every time when my code is being questioned (“you loused up the most simple things again”) and I find it hard to ask more experienced colleagues for help (I should know by now how that works”/”I interfere with his work with my dumb questions”/”he must regard me as mentally retarded” etc.).
The problems I will probably have in every profession but I wanted to have mentioned it here.
But you have already got back the sofa?
Because there was no confirmation for that either.
I’ve been waiting for a date for pick-up
What do you mean about ‘return’, please !
When I downloaded a book to the #PRS_ORG# the message pops up ‘your #PRS_ORG# does not authorize this book
are there any problems?
I was in Chat with #PRS_ORG# and he asked me whether I had received a delivery confirmation for my cabinet.
Birds break up the protein - they had consumed with their diet in their gastrointestinal tract - into separate amino acids, and from those they form their own endogenous proteins which they also need to form their plumage.
The forming of plumage with a nestling and the plumage renewal with a molting bird are extremely complex processes and extremely stressful for the animal’s entire organism.
Please note, that NEKTON-Bio must not been given during breeding since it might disturb the brooding process.
Consecutive to the treatment-like application of NEKTON-Bio one should change back again to the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin product) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral product).
Birds break up the protein - they had consumed with their diet in their gastrointestinal tract - into separate amino acids, and from those they form their own endogenous proteins which they also need to form their plumage.
The forming of plumage with a nestling and the plumage renewal with a molting bird are extremely complex processes and extremely stressful for the animal’s entire organism.
Please note, that NEKTON-Bio must not been given during breeding since it might disturb the brooding process.
Consecutive to the treatment-like application of NEKTON-Bio one should change back again to the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin product) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral product).
1 g NEKTON-Bio in 250 ml water or 100 g soft feed.
It is recommended to only prepare as much drinking water/soft feed as the bird consumes daily, and to change water/feed daily.
A level measuring spoon (enclosed) corresponds with 1 g NEKTON-Bio.
With severe plumage damages the double or rather triple amount of NEKTON-Bio can be given at the start until the onset of plumage formation becomes visible.
After that the normal dose is given until the plumage renewal has been concluded.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry without sun exposure, between 150 and 250.
Excuse me please, but the chair is being sold as office chair.
How can an office chair be defective after 9 months?
The warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
This is really bad service.
Hi, I sent an email on Monday to inform you that my order was damaged at arrival and pictures were attached.
Did you receive this email?
Statement of a community coworker in contrast to the statute
Hallo r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
On our property a walnut tree is to be cut down.
So we filed a fall application at the municipality.
A coworker writes to me that cutting down fruit trees and thus also the walnut tree is not part of the statute.
The statute, however, mentions explicitly as to be protected tree.
Now, can I rely on the coworkers statement or not?
On the one hand I must be able to trust an expert’s opinion.
On the other hand the statute is very clear.
Many thanks for your replies
We understand that.
Then we will use this new packaging for it.
I did not receive any message
Alright, then I still have a sofa without having use for it.
Could you offer me a discount or a voucher?
What was more expensive?
yes, that I believe, the only question is whether I may pay in EURO and have the blanket delivered to me in Germany
Can you check that?
Breaking news: Serious accident at Selb
A short while ago a serious accident happened on the St 2179 between the junction Selb-Nord and Plößberg.
As the police press alert just reports (14:03) a car drove in oncoming traffic when overtaking.
People were injured.
Ah, okay, understand.
Good, then many thanks again that it was so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
First a Merry Christmas to all of you!
My Christmas was unfortunately only moderately good because my beloved mind mulls everything that it can mull.
Before I go into detail now ... in short: I need advice and preferably from people who are somewhat familiar with my situation - namely from you.
I am a career changer and student teacher.
Originally I studied something else and also worked in an area (to remain at least a bit anonymous I won’t be more specific).
The whole thing, however, became too boring and I looked for alternatives that would be more fun for me.
Eventually I ended up with the studying to become a teacher and I was certain that is it - even though the environment is significantly less flexible compared to my previous job, but I didn’t care about it.
Now I have reached the third “I google other job postings”.
And only half a year has gone by.
On prior occasions I have always decided to continue and to at least finish my training, after that I can always change.
But now I am absolutely done with it.
Last month I had so little free time that I am completely exhausted.
Currently is vacation time but nevertheless there is a pile of work waiting for me.
Before my training I thought I would be stress-resistant but at that time my weekend was my weekend and evenings were my evenings.
Then I had free time.
And the stress at work did not matter at those moments.
Now I even find a family gathering to be stressful.
And then there are these rigid structures that nerve me additionally.
Principally I have fun and the training works also from the outside, regarding the feedback and others.
But I am completely exhausted and I ask myself how much stress can my body endure before it shuts down completely - if it hasn’t done so already.
I ask myself if I want to live the rest of my professional life in that way - especially when I read some of your contributions - or if I should return again to my old job where I was quite appreciated, where I could take my free times when I needed them, and where I found the work somehow boring but was paid adequately for it, and where I worked in a team and was not a lone fighter as it is currently the case most of the time.
But then I ask myself if I might reach the same point again in one year where I am now and feel dissatisfied.
You notice all that is somehow confusing but perhaps you as outsiders have some advice or ideas how I can escape from this situation, a situation where I am completely exhausted and begin to cry when I only think about it.
I won’t decide right now while I am so emotional because that would not lead to something good.
But perhaps your comments can help me to see at least some light at the end of the tunnel - or to enjoy Christmas, that would be sufficient for the time being.
Thank you for reading it and I apologize for the whiny undertone.
I hope that my situation has become clear at least a little bit.
The Valvetronix series from VOX has been consistently further developed since its introduction in the year 2001; among others that lead to a combination of the progressive modeling technology with the “Valve Reactor” circuit that reproduces perfectly the conduct of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X amps we introduce a brand new modeling engine that represents the absolutely newest state of technology regarding sound.
Thanks to the VET technology (Virtual Element Technology) that is based on the analysis of the components and the amp-circuits the VTX amplifiers produce an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps feature also the multistage tube amplifier.
It is partially based on real analog circuits because those handle the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier simply much better than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuit the VTX amps offer a closed housing and a bass reflex system from where natural resonances just sparkle.
With the “Tone Room” software from VOX you can even correct and bend historic facts on the virtual level until the amp and the effects sound in a way that you have always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube-sound and modeling technology is achieved first and foremost due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it was refined several times since then to satisfy sound requirements that were newly added; in 2010 that brought again a performance boost of the VOX Valvetronix series - with more dynamics and also numerous and decisively improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two loudspeakers the new VT+ Valvetronix series was additionally so designed that all guitar players who search for a maximum sound diversity certainly find what they are looking for.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and the dynamics of a tube amplifier: They expect a fat sound, nuanced playback of play dynamics and string stops as well as a prompt response.
During a detailed analysis VOX engineers discovered that it is the output stage in particular that determines the tube character of an amplifier and, based on those findings, they developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology.
The Valve Reactor circuit equipped with a 12AX7 tube of any VT+ amplifier maps perfectly the behavior, the subtle nuances and the sound character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Despite 20 points by Wagner: Magic lose at Clippers
The loosing streak of the Orlando Magic in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - however, not enough for a victory against the Los Angeles Clippers.
The Magic lost 104:106 at the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday despite 20 points by Franz Wagner and seven points by his older brother Moritz.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually placeable and foldable Velcro fastener dividers it is fitted to the needs of your camera equipment and thus suitable for any kind of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full format SLR cameras.
What actually fits into the rucksack depends of course on the size of the camera and the lenses.
A possible fit would be a DSLR camera with attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses and a clip-on flash.
Larger DSLR cameras such as the various models of the Sony-a7-series or a Fuji X_T2 still have room for further lenses.
Besides that, you still have room for any amount of accessories.
If you have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fuji film X-A or E-series) you may use the rucksack for your equipment and other non-camera items.
Even drone pilots find the Everyday Backpack 20L an optimal choice because the backpack offers sufficient space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote and accessories.
Volcano eruption in La Palma: probably the longest one in history
Within hardly three months since the start of the eruption the lava streams caused great damage on the Canary Island.
Is there an end in sight?
With a duration of 85 days by now on Sunday the volcano eruption on La Palma is one of the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary island.
Up to now with 84 days the eruption of the volcano Tehuya in the year 1585 was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the African west coast.
There are no reliable data about earlier eruptions.
The activity of the still nameless volcano in Cumbre Vieja has somewhat seized during the past days but volcanologists didn’t dare any further prognoses when it could end.
The signs indicate a slowing down.
“The best news is that these indicators are stable”, the president of the island council, Mariano Hernandez Zapata, said to the state TV station RTVE.
Damages in the millions
During the hardly three months since the start of the eruption the more than 1000 grade hot lava destroyed almost 2900 houses and other buildings, as TRVE reported.
Almost 1200 hectares were covered with meters thick lava layers.
That corresponds with almost 1700 soccer fields.
More than 7000 inhabitants had to be evacuated, the damages are estimated at more than 900 million Euro.
Two new headlands with a size of about altogether 50 hectares originated off the coast through the cooled lava.
Heavy hit was in particular the banana farming that is so important for the island which directly or indirectly feeds about half of the 85000 inhabitants and that faced a crises even before the volcano eruption.
225 hectares banana plantations were destroyed, additional area severely impaired, wrote the newspaper “El Pais”.
Christmas and the presents
Christmas is coming and the children in particular can hardly await the heavenly feast.
The many colorful presents under the Christmas tree linked with the spiritual atmosphere and the bristling suspense are quite attractive.
Christmas belongs to the few traditional events that hold together our increasingly split society.
It is all the more important to appreciate the Christmas tradition of giving and thus the gesture of giving - a peacemaking “partnership agreement of primitive people” according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss - escaping from a rigid routine and able to revive it with life in the context of this tradition.
How Santa became the Christmas child
Strictly speaking it was the Protestants which linked the Christmas days tightly with giving presents.
Prior to that it was on St. Nicholas Day when presents were exchanged in one way or another.
The background of this still popular custom that St. Nicholas as bishop of Myra supposedly through secretly gold in the windows of three women one night to spare them to live on in sin.
From this unconventional kind of giving originated the popular custom in Germany to fill the boots in particular of children with presents.
Protestants found this custom offensive because they reject mediators between God and the humans as “veneration of saints”.
These were the reasons for protesting against the institution.
Martin Luther created the Christ child from Nicholas and thus founded a new line of tradition.
Thus the focus of giving shifted to the Holy Eve.
Since most of the Protestants see those details not so narrowly any longer it still upsets only a few that the custom of the Holy Nicholas - similar to the Martin custom with Martin’s singing and St. Martin’s procession - is still firm part of the pre-Christmas season.
Nowadays you’ll find everything what your heart desires in the boots at the door and under the Christmas tree - from socks to popular luxury items.
Diverse traditions in Christian countries
Sources confirm a tradition of giving since the 13th century on Saint Nicholas Day.
The Reformation shifted the day of giving to the Holy Eve.
In all countries inspired by Christianity, however, there is quite uncertainty about the question who actually brings presents to the children.
In Germany it rather depends on the respective region whether the Christ child appears on the Holy Eve or Santa Claus who is in principle a kind of Nicholas who was attributed with some characteristics over time.
Among those are e. g. his long white beard that has still little in common with the rather strict Assyrian bird of the historical figure, his sleigh pulled by reindeers and the preferred chimney to gain access to the homes.
In the Netherlands Santa Claus is the central figure on Christmas.
In Spain the Three Wise Men bring the presents, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who supposedly showed them the way to the Jesus child.
In Scandinavia it is sometimes mythical creatures that bring the presents, while in Russia it is Jack Frost who found some glory.
No reindeers here but rather three horses that pull his sleigh as troika.
In Czechia, the motherland of the reformation in the course of the Hussite Wars, the Christ child is responsible for presenting the presents.
I receive this error message for the last 3 weeks when I try to download a new book, however, my account and contact data are up to date::
I ask for your help, because
I will otherwise purchase another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
Last week and this morning I requested a return label for my order #NUMBER#.
I was told that a label will be sent to me.
Since I have not received one (not in SPAM directory) I would like to inquire how does it normally take.
Many kind thanks.
Police shoot an alleged bank robber near the royal palace
On Saturday an armed man was shot by the police near the Kensington palace in London.
The police informed that a caller had reported a man who allegedly went with a weapon into a bank and a bookmaker’s store.
According to the authorities’ information the man fled in a vehicle that could be stopped by authorities a bit later.
Shots were allegedly fired and the man was allegedly hit.
Still at the site of the crime he was declared dead.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
Several embassies are located in the area of the Kensington palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and the three children.
Other members of the Royal family are also living there.
which one?
No matter where I click on I immediately will be forwarded to your site.
The decorative light fits in harmoniously in every flower bed, garden area or rock garden.
The light is simply installed and anchored with 2 pegs in the ground.
An integrated and powerful 0.4 Watt solar module provides optimal charging of the integrated battery.
Maximum burn time 10 hours
- The robust plastic model can be used outside all year long.
In the Hollywood scene there are mostly menacing objects from far away galaxies that glow colorful on the inside.
The “Smart Stone” however is quite harmless: The sun alone ensures that this solar light shines fascinatingly - either in white or in colorful light (altogether in six different colors).
The edgeless amorphous design was chosen on purpose: By day this modern light object presents itself like a natural large pebble stone.
Its organic roundness fits in every natural environment - either at the edge of the terrace, in the grass or in a rock patch.
It also looks great as larger pebble stone and boulder where it knows how to stand its ground.
You don’t need a lot of preparations: As solar light the “Smart Stone” needs no cables or batteries.
Just place the “light stone” in any place that enjoys sunlight during the day.
Two enclosed pegs provide firm support if needed.
The matt-white plastic sleeve itself is robust and weatherproof.
The “Smart Stone” hides the solar module discreetly in is interior together with its battery and two LEDs - one for white, the other one for colorful light.
The battery is charged when sunlight hits the housing.
At dusk the “Smart Stone” starts to shine on its own, you determine the color: You have the choice of six attractive light colors - beside daylight white.
The “Smart Stone” turns itself off automatically as soon as the battery charging level had sunk to a given minimum, or when it becomes light again.
As soon as the sun is shining again the charging cycle starts on the next day from the start.
I did this several times, but it doesn’t work.
I am sorry, I would have liked to further place orders with you but when the voucher is not honored by you then I won’t order from you again out of principle.
Should you reconsider then let me know, please.
Otherwise, then today this was our last contact.
Please, still send me the number for the sideboard.
Anyways, during the lockdown no DIY store will be open...
The engine control of the LokSound 5 was re-improved again.
A PWM frequency that can be variably adjusted from 10 kHz to 50 kHz enables super quiet operations especially with bell anchor motors - the typical “humming” is a thing of the past.
The load control can now be adapted to even difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique “autotune” function makes the automatic calibration of the decoder to the motor possible.
With up to 1.5 A engine current the LokSound 5 decoder provides sufficient power even for older motors.
- please, use the eBay shopping cart so that the shipping costs can be summed up correctly.
- You will receive a mail with the package number for delivery tracking.
- From the specialist retailer you will receive a bill for every new item purchase with stated value-added tax.
- We will process your order or inquiry normally within 24 hours on workdays.
Problem with the pill
Hi, dear women,
I hope I do everything right here, in fact it is after one year of reddit my fist post.
About my problem: About five years ago I began again out of necessity to take the pill, especially because I had so unbelievably bad pain during my period and the shitty PMS before my period.
I would like to drop that again since I must take enough medications due to chronic illnesses that are not optional for me.
My skin problem, surprisingly not the pain but my skin.
I developed from 0 to 100 explosively pimples everywhere during my last about two-year-lasting pause.
They were superficially but it strained me quite a bit and I didn’t feel too well.
During the two years of the break the whole thing did not really turn normal again.
Perhaps somebody has any tips how I could avoid that this time.
My cosmetics consumption is already free of perfume and others but perhaps there is something that you could recommend.
Unfortunately, my gynecologist did not take me very seriously and a dermatologist appointment is coming.
Many thanks to you all who read through the novel!
Yes, the skin can create problems.
Pre-puberty I had bad neuro-dermatitis, then it quieted down a bit, then large-scale nodular lichen and then the acne problem.
I tried everything nutrition-wise along my chronic illness and got stuck with a sugar, milk and low-meat mix-diet because nothing else worked really properly.
It is also possible that my hormones simply do not work properly but when you have complaints everywhere you give up on searching for other dysfunctions.
I have already explained that to your colleague Semina or so
and now I’ve lost the contact and I don’t know what was replied to my request.
In between I constantly have to work and answer the phone and suddenly everything was gone ...
what do you want to check if the money would be there I would have seen it
Please check my bank data perhaps there was an error
but in general you have it in large
since you have it available large in black
The Zappiti 4K HDR series - The best cinematic experience of all times!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for best image quality, outstanding performance and best possible usability.
All Zappiti products are designed in a way so that you have comfortable and intuitive access to your entire video library in breathtaking 4K high-definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti players are being successfully used worldwide to improve the cinematic experience at home as well as in a commercial environment.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, among them the sate-of-the-art 4K-HDR-standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video file formats, complete BD/UHD menus, HEVC-Videocodec with one billion colors (10-bit-color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and it features a wide solid housing, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best-possible home theater experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers outstanding image quality - far better than previous generations - with improved dynamics, precise color display, increased contrast, solid de-interlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
You will be impressed with the image quality of your display even on a full HD 1080p TV set or with a front-projector!
3D offers also a better image depth and an impressive immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for the use with the remote.
In this case please use a connected computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included in delivery).
Network playback: Special network optimization guarantees a better performance via Gigabit-Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100 when playing back via the local network - independently from the kind of media - thanks to SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD-files).
Universal RC: Seamless integration in smart home installations via ready-to-use control4-drivers,RTI-driver, Elan-driver, Crestron IP-codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP-codes.
It doesn’t help a great deal since I have been waiting for it since September.
Now nothing works at all.
Apparently my shopping cart is locked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that use the above-mentioned products according to manufacturer or user manual.
More than 10 years experience as specialist retailer for toner productions
All listed company and brand names as well as all indicated type designations are property of the respective legal manufacturers and copyright holders.
Their mentioning serves only for orientation and also for indicating the compatibility of the merchandise.
They are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers but rather compatible items.
Which vouchers??
With my last order my voucher didn’t get credited!
In the name of the People: Laypersons also pass judgement
In the court room they are seated on the judge’s bench clad in everyday clothes.
But very much depends on their judgement even though they don’t wear a robe: Lay judges determine together with professional judges whether and how long somebody might go to jail.
Two of the lay judges report about their time and the district court in Kreuznach in an interview with the “Öffentliche”: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of the altogether 125 lay judges at the district court at the John-F.-Kennedy-Straße.
Hi, unfortunately I cannot login to the customer account.
Could you please send me the bill for the order number #NUMBER# once more to the above mentioned address?
Can we dispose the material of the packaging?
It is impossible for us to store that for so long.
As offered by you we would use the table as if it were ours
gladly, I ordered the same blue armchair already in November and received it, I therefore want one in grey because they are so nice
Do we need to completely dismantle the cabinet for pick-up and reimbursement?
and when will you pick it up?
A new 110-kV-ground cable will be built in 2022
The permission for the laying of the new high voltage cable at Tann is legal.
The Lower Bavaria government’s zoning decision clears the way for the construction work that should start in 2022.
The network provider Bayernwerk in formed about that.
The about seven kilometers long ground cable will connect the transformer station Tann in the north of the community and the existing 110-kV-line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable will be connected to a tower of the overhead line near the town Erdmanning.
Good morning,
my order from 01/03/21 with the order number #NUMBER# has so far only arrived in parts.
The blue order number: #PRS_ORG# with delivery number #NUMBER# had been sent back by #PRS_ORG# with the note “Delivery not possible”.
All three other packages have arrived so that delivery is certainly possible.
Can you tell me where we go from here?
Have a nice start into the week!
Forget about that since I already explained that several times yesterday!!
This is a sideboard made of glass and the entire sides are busted, so that glass lies everywhere and the cardboard is kaput
The sideboard is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to enter my flat due to the #PRS_ORG# regulations
That means that the sideboard can’t be picked up because nobody is allowed into my apartment
Thank you for the message
but why only 20 EURO?
The original price for this chair was #NUMBER# EURO
No, it happens with all books, therefore the inquiry at #PRS_ORG#, since it seems it is a general problem
Ref: Plan lessons (EK)
Hi dear colleagues,
I have been a student teacher since summer I like teaching but I have currently still major problems to time-efficiently plan my lessons for the subject Geography.
Unfortunately my school is technically not very well equipped so that I can principally only use the blackboard, the school book and an OHP as medium.
In the school I can only produce b/w copies free of charge (which is not sufficient for Geography).
I currently just need a long time to plan my hours.
Currently we talk about the subject Geo-factors for example and actually every hour is independent for me.
Principally the methods are always repeated but on the other hand I neither want to invest too much time for simple lessons (I need the time also for UBs ect.).
When planning I actually focus on the learning objectives (what do I want to achieve) and I think about how can I manage that (most of the time I produce work sheets with text from books which my school doesn’t have).
We have the book Terra and I find most of the assignments in the book to be insufficient.
Also therefore the work sheets.
Perhaps a geography teacher can tell me how you can work with the book in a time-efficient way.
I would be happy about that.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I have already decided on a new #PRS_ORG#, however, I would like the return to be processed as fast as possible.
Trade fears for the Christmas business because of the 2G-regulation.
Only who is vaccinated or recovered is still granted access to most businesses.
The trade considers this unnecessary and complains about drop in sales.
And it offers also a possible solution.
In the view of the Trade Association Germany (HDE) 2G-regulations spoil the important Christmas business for the retail sector.
Businesses with articles for non-day-to-day needs would complain about drops in sales, criticizes HDE managing director Stefan Genth.
According to the HDE’s current survey among 1100 retailers more than 70 percent of companies await negative results for the remaining days of the year.
Many of them supposedly already wrote off the Christmas business.
“What actually should be the positive highlight of the year is now a hole without bottom”, said Genth.
Retailers with 2G - access restrictions thus lost almost one third of their pre-crises sales in the past week.
It is only going well in food retailing and also in the online area.
The association demands consequences from the dramatic development.
Shopping with mask, distance and hygiene concepts are a sure thing, said the managing director.
“2G when shopping does not advance us in the fight against the pandemic”, he emphasized.
The current regulations deter customers and they require the use of many personnel.
The ribbon regulation should be admitted nationwide, he demanded.
After that every customer only needs to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and with the received ribbon he/she would have access to all stores on that day.
In addition random sample checks in the retail business - like already used in the public transport system with the 3G-regulation (vaccinated, recovered or tested) - should be sufficient.
The real estate group Deutsche Euroshop, specialized in shopping centers, also spoke of a difficult Christmas business.
The frequencies were lastly without 2G at well 75 percent of the pre-Corona-level, sales at about 90 percent.
These numbers will surely fall in the midst of that so important Christmas business”, said chief executive Wilhelm Wellner to the “Wirtschaftswoche”.
Based on the high personnel and administrative efforts one would try to find solutions for the centers and have them authorized.
The so-called ribbon solution is one of them where “visitors show their 2G-proof once e. g. at a central place in the center and then - equipped with a ribbon similar to a club hotel - may access all stores without interruption”. dpa
I recently ordered the #PRS_ORG# and received it.
The mirror is scratched and the frame shows a defect that one tried to conceal with a yellow filler material.
That looks unattractive.
I would like to return the mirror and have already packaged and sealed the item.
How do I have to process the return?
The lamp is designed for dual-balance based on new flat SMD-LEDs with high performance and high color display.
A modern micro-processor with extraordinary possibilities adjusts the color temperature and brightness of the lamp.
Beside the adaptation of the brightness there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to set the color temperature manually in the range of 3100 - 5650K and to store it.
Use the current settings in flash memory.
Special characteristics of the controller: to operate it is easy and intuitive.
The lamp generates a light flux with soft light with high quality, completely flicker-free.
The output angle of 1200 is excellent, it lets you illuminate large areas at relatively small distances.
By the way also in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adapt the brightness practically without changing the color temperature.
It is an excellent tool that lets you work on a movie set or else in the studio.
The DMX512 controller, available optionally, enables remote control of the lamp in TV studios or when the light is mounted in areas that are hard to access.
The backside of the lamp features a control board consisting of buttons and a illuminated display.
The display shows the current brightness settings in percent and the current color temperature in Kevin.
There you’ll also find the slot for the NP-F batteries (not included in the scope of delivery)
User memory: The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To adjust the settings of the individual settings on the storage spaces just press one of the memory buttons for a longer time and you are done.
The memory controller stores the current status of the lamp when turned off so that the known situation pops up again when you turn it on again - very practical when working in a studio when, e. g., the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
To work with batteries, one of the best features of the DL3120 functionalities, are a result from being able to operate the light with favorable NP-F batteries.
Photographers and camera men and women often already carry those items - so they have already existing equipment available.
Before the set the DL3120 can also check whether the batteries are sufficiently charged - a battery tester is integrated - a value is displayed for each of the two battery compartments (the left battery in the upper display, the right one in the lower display).
Furthermore it is also possible to supply the lamp continuously with power via the included power supply.
The structure of the lamp is rather simple.
A 16 mm sleeve connects the lamp directly with your tripod.
The incline can be adjusted reliably via fasteners on both sides.
We paid attention to the fact that the mechanical components are extremely sophisticated and therefore also designed for longevity and tough jobs.
The scope of delivery also contains an angle joint.
And a pocket is also part of the delivery.
That lets you transport or store the lamp and possible accessories that you still might want to buy without problems.
What a pity, it was given to me as a gift and it is too small :(
“Party which we wanted to throw”: Frankfurt celebrates after high-scoring comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes the Hessians - who were recently without a win twice in series - were presumably on their way to their next Bundesliga defeat.
But then the SGE pulled itself together and, within a good hour, they shook off their frustration about a so-so season start and won furiously 5:2. “It is insane what the boys achieved today”, rejoiced coach Oliver Glasner at DAZN and gave general praise “to everybody individually who took part in it”.
In the beginning it looked like a new loss for Frankfurt that now ranks number nine still trailing their expectations.
Patrik Schick had brought Leverkusen the lead with 2:0.
What happened then also impressed the SGE coach.
“How the players had come back again and showed a fantastic performance”, continued Glasner.
I am incredibly happy with the performance that we displayed, and of course also with the result.
Defensive player Christopher Lenz who could be in the game for the first time since the fourth game day and his overcome muscular injury, praised the work ethics of his team colleagues.
“I believe that our mentality is incredibly big”, said the 27 years old and was happy with the results in particular for the spectators.
That was the party which we wanted to throw today.
However, for the upcoming tasks Glasner wants to stay focused and is rather positive about it in view of the good personnel situation.
It is extraordinary that all our players are fit in December, that all players are physically in top shape.
It is thanks to the super work by our medical staff, but the players also live a highly professional lifestyle.
Now one wants to go on “step by step and remain modest” and deal with the upcoming tasks “on this level” until year’s end.
Due to the English week next an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach (18:30, Sky) is scheduled already for Wednesday.
I just received the email that my package is returned to you due to an error on my part.
I tried to call #PRS_ORG# to redirect it, but no chance.
Can it be resent to me or do I have to wait until the money is returned and then place the order again?
But that would mean for me that I won’t place the order again since it took already a very long time.
Have you ever taken a seat in the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Setback for handball-women before quarter finals against Spain
Germany’s handball-women left the court with hanging heads and empty gazes after the humiliation against Denmark.
At the conclusion of the WC main round the DHB team suffered a resounding defeat with a 16:32 (8:13) in Granollers in front of 800 spectators and now faces Spain in the quarter finals.
“We were much too timid and had too much respect for our opponent”, judged coach Henk Groener.
We have to perform differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament Germany concluded the main round group III with 8:2 points in second place behind Denmark (10:0).
It is a shame that we couldn’t maintain the flow.
Everybody played bad, we have to forget about it”, said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight to reaching the semifinals a significant improvement has to happen against the WC-second placed from 2019 on the upcoming Tuesday in order to keep the tender dream of the first medal since 2007 alive.
Best German scorer in the match against the three times Olympic winner Denmark was back-court player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
“We were simply not there - neither in offense nor in defense”, admitted back-court player Xenia Smits and demanded: “ We need to look forward very fast”.
Not on top of the game from front to back
Different from the previous five tournament games the German team was not up to snuff from the start.
Missed throws and technical errors in offense and gaps in defense were responsible for a fast 0:4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was on top of her game immediately and prevented something worse with some parades.
The DHB team scored its first goal after 9:30 minutes when Grijseels concluded a fast counterattack successfully.
However, this was not the hoped for initial spark.
The Herman women hardly found a concept against the aggressive Danish defense - and when they did they failed mostly due to the strong Scandinavian goalkeeper Althea Reinhardt.
The game had already been lost at an early stage at 3:10 after 20 minutes the more so as back-court player Mia Zschocke saw a bit later red due to a hard foul against her counterpart.
But she is allowed to participate in the quarter finals.
Only in the final minutes of the first half the DHB team found better to its game and narrowed the deficit to five goals until the break.
The anyhow only slight hope for a race to catch up after changing sides vanished after seven minutes at a 9:19.
Again the Groener team committed errors in all areas and thus made it easy for the well performing opponents who rank among medal aspirants for the final round.
Subsequently the German team could no longer pull itself together to improve its performance and left the court as clear loser.
DACH-Advent calendar day 6: Family traditions in the Christmas time
Within the Reddit-Advent calendar we came across the St. Nicholas Day and take this as an opportunity to dedicate some time to family traditions in the pre-Christmas time, the Advent, St. Nicholas, Holy Eve and the Christmas holidays.
How was that with you at home?
How was it with your\*r Partner\*in?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is the most beautiful for the children?
The cleaning of boots?
Baking cookies?
Tree decorating?
Playing music?
Does Santa come, the Christ Child or is the present from Oma and Opa?
It does not matter how you do it, everybody puts in some efforts on and around Christmas to have it as good as possible as family.
Whether these are firm traditions or even something different each year: tell us how it went or goes in your family!
please send me any transaction number.. or something else that could help
transfer confirmation... etc
I would like ti give away a voucher code
such as with #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers
is that possible?
The title indicates that I work as vaccinator in a mobile vaccination team which (up to now) applies only the BioNTech/Pfizer-vaccination predominantly in nursing homes.
Since these teams are for the most part done soon I will continue my work partially in vaccination centers after that.
I gladly answer your questions about organizational and human aspects and also medical questions without time limit as long as they are not of personal nature (e.g. “I’ve been taking medication X is this compatible with the vaccination..”).
It is my job to enlighten you about the vaccination, the indications (a person can claim a vaccination according to the Corona Vaccination Act and there are no reasons contradicting it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, the emergency care in case of allergic reactions (has never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, e.g. medical assistants.
However, in the vaccination teams those assistants frequently do not accompany us “only” (by the love of God no missing appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for the vaccination preparation who do not (must not?) perform vaccinations so that I perform the most vaccinations myself.
Difficult “Huidlerer” question: Amberger knows the answer
What is a “Huidlerer”?
A dialect word send in by somebody from Amberg caused intense contemplation in the TV show “Wir sind Bayern” (we are Bavarians).
But other as on many previous days the term remained unsolved by the callers in the section “Host mi”? (Did you get it).
No, it was “nobody who is nervous”.
And still nobody “who hustles all the time”.
The people around the TV moderator claimed that to be completely wrong.
Consequently the man from Amberg shared the solution and probably thus caused quite an astonishment by many from the Upper Palatinate.
“The Huidlerer”, the spectators learned, “is a cloth with what you wipe your oven”.
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley - who is consulted by the Bavarian TV as expert for years - confirmed it.
With the note this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, somewhat derived from the known dialect word “Houdern”.
That had closed a gap in education - probably also with some who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I can’t to buy any more books for the last 2 weeks.
After the confirmation always the following error message pops up: oops - something went wrong - try again later.
I restarted the #PRS_ORG# gel#PRS_ORG#n, linked it to the PC, synchronized and repaired.
Nothing helped.
The choice of tires for a racing bike - really so puncture-proof?
This morning I woke up full of energy because I wanted to train a bit more in preparation for my bike tour next week.
No sooner said than done and I drove off with my racing bike that I had bought on eBay yesterday.
The first 40 km were really great - but then something happened what is foreseeable in every inner city (this time: thanks to Krefeld!).
Glass splinters on the road.
And there it was, a loud hiss and my rear tire didn’t want to comply at all for the rest of my route.
Since I had no opportunity due to the work day to purchase a spare coat and hose I had to turn around again halfway bad tempered and took the first train back home.
It was not quite that bad regarding my mood perhaps it was better that way that I practice a tire change before the bike tour.
But now, however, I face a question and hope you can help me.
Since I will face a long distance over several days I would really seek to avoid this problem occurring more frequently.
Now it is not at all so bad since I drove the old tires from the previous owner (very nice old man who covered 120 km until 14:00 on the day when I came to pick up the bike!) and who regarded the tires as sub-optimal since he had driven with them on rollers for several years.
But when I imagine that I have to change a tire after 80-90 km while on tour then I would really be pissed :D
Now I started a conversation with an elderly man on the train platform who asked me quite surprised why I wouldn’t have Marathon Plus tires; those would be puncture-proof.
The whole thing sounded of course quite plausible.
But are they really so puncture-proof?
I am not very keen on purchasing 40 €/tires only to be disappointed again.
And I have another question: currently I have 25x622 tires on my racing bike.
They are also available (apparently?) with the Marathon Plus tires but newer ones are already wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you advise me to get different tires for a racing bike?
The swallow-site seems to recommend my absolute! layman knowledge to prefer the Durano DD?
Thank you in advance for the help and best regards!
Car crashes against tree: Driver fatally injured
As the police reported the 53 years old man crashed with his car against a center island for unexplained reasons on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten and landed subsequently on the opposite lane.
There he collided frontally with the vehicle of a 27 years old man.
The car of the 53 years old was then hurled against a tree and the man was wedged in the car.
The 27 years old as well as his 23 years old passenger were seriously hurt in the accident and transported to hospitals nearby.
yes, we deleted all books, authorized everything new and loaded the new books
Environment-friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products do not contain any harmful metals.
The corporate group strives to using recipes without controlled or questionable ingredients without jeopardizing the best-possible performance.
Caps and packaging are made of recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please, dispose only containers emptied of residues in recycling.
Bring containers with residues to problem waste sites.
Labeling: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the currently valid status of the labelling provisions.
Designation, classification and distinction are done according to GHS or rather CLP 1272/2008/EG in its currently valid form.
The safety data sheets correspond with REACH 1907/2006/EG, article 31 and attachment II in its currently valid form.
With many DUPLI-COLOR spray paints spray fuses and tamper-proof sealing caps prevent unauthorized use.
Please note the respective references on cap and label.
Always read and observe the warning labels before use!
Do I get a mail confirmation for that?
I was assured of that already 3 times by your colleagues ... how reliable is your information?
When will the carrier get in touch with me?
I have already written to you, didn’t you get my SMS?
After publishing our new high end broadband B 100- 6 OHM it was only a question of time until our SOLO series would also produce an offspring.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offshoot and it reminds us of the great models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, this proposed design directly integrated a suitable designer foot to lift the loudspeaker up to the correct audio position.
This foot does not interfere with acoustics and its length can be adjusted corresponding with the environment at home.
From its principle the SOLO 15 is very suitable for people where the maximum volume level is of less importance, however, where the sound quality should reach an exceptionally high level.
A 10 cm loudspeaker simply can’t manage to produce nearly unfiltered such great sound pressure levels.
But that does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, the SOLO 15 presents itself notably adult and is extremely impressive and accurate considering its size.
Tonally the SOLO 15 was fine-tuned with a slight increase in it high range.
This is quite common with broadbands in order to optimize the bundling that very much increases with high frequencies.
If aligned perfectly to the listening position the SOLO 15 convinces with its clear and fine sound.
Slightly turning the SOLO 15 to the outside can reduce the treble range and thus make the sound pattern warmer.
Thanks to the point sound source the tracking of individual components of a music piece is razor-sharp and astoundingly precise.
The exemplary extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM provide fine dynamics which are unrivalled.
The SOLO 15 thus not only supplements our SOLO series but rather expands it in terms of resolution capacity and accuracy.
As with all our kits it is recommended to think about the final visual appearance of the loudspeaker in order to include respective changes when building it.
For example, if you want the housing veneered the lowering of the loudspeaker must be adapted respectively since the veneer adds more material.
After all plates were cut to size (e. g. in a DIY store) you should first drill an 8 mm hole into the base plate at the respective position so you can insert the cable later without problems.
With the help of a router you produce the loudspeaker opening in the front so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can be inserted flush later.
On the backside this opening should be fitted with a 450 chamfer in order to make the opening area of the loudspeaker chassis in the interior as large as possible.
The four screw connection points of the B 100 6 OHM thus receive outages in the chamfer as shown in the picture “Detail chamfer”.
Then you start with the proper assembly of the box and place one of the two side walls in front of you on an even surface.
Glue now the backside, the top, the front and the bottom to the side panels.
With that the three braces should also be inserted and stuck together.
The braces can vary in their material strength, e. g. if needed if you to use the finished trims from the DIY store and if you don't want to produce them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
The second side is assembled in the next step.
Then follow all plates of the foot - both sides and also the front.
A suitable circular hole saw or a Forstner bit make it easier to drill the opening for the bass-reflex pipe and to attach the terminal clamp to the backside.
Subsequently you use a round cutter to round off the edges of the actual box.
With that you may also round off the top side of the base plate.
Subsequently you firmly glue the base plate to the base of the housing and additionally screw it on with long wood screws.
After that mark and pre-drill (2.5 mm drill) the screw points of the loudspeaker chassis and the terminal clamp.
After removing the wood dust from the housing (vacuum / blow) you start inserting the cable.
You do this best by leading the cable through the 35 mm bass-reflex opening in the backside.
Slide the entire and uncut cable piece by piece through the 8 mm bore hole into the base up to the terminal opening and let it stick out there for about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the housing slide the cable to the loudspeaker opening and let it also stick it out loosely.
After that prepare and insert the crossover.
You find the blueprint of the crossover as well as the respective wiring diagram in the following document: Assembly instructions Crossover Solo 15.
After inserting the crossover and tightening the connecting terminal with screws you seal the 8 mm cable opening in the interior of the box which has not yet been completely closed.
With some skill you may let hot glue drop on the 35 mm bass-reflex opening and thus seal it.
You may check the seal respectively through the opening of the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small light.
Now follows the dampening according to description.
Subsequently you connect the B 100 - 6 OHM and screw it down with respective screws.
The polarity is here very important so that the positive lead (marked cable) must be soldered onto the positive terminal of the loudspeaker (larger contact).
Finally you must shorten the bass-reflex pipe to the indicated length of 28 mm (total length of the pipe), and insert it.
Cut the pad of the damping material in two parts for damping and distribute it loosely in the housing.
The opening around the bass-reflex channel should be kept free.
Can I place an order right now and have delivery scheduled for the beginning of June?
> Hi there, you all,
> finally we can announce that we host again the OSCAST this year!
> For known reasons it is unfortunately not possible for us to have more than four people in the studio which caused increasing planning efforts and explains the announcement on such a short notice.
BUT: There will be at least three people per transmission so that we and hopefully thousands of you can follow the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream!
> We do our best to avoid delays or other problems.
But remember, the pandemic is still with us - but we will try everything to accompany the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
> We will start at about 0:30.
Put your drinks already in the icebox, plan some good food and get ready for a long but also very interesting night.
The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee corresponds to 40% of the value of the goods....
I am #PRS_ORG# a major customer and so it is not a problem for me.
Just need a number or instruction what I should enclose with the package so that it can be tracked by you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago... for 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
To be honest, I find that very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and reorder for the better price or is there another way of crediting?
In principle, I also think that children should not be expected to take on a role as a parent for their little siblings.
However, I think it is also good for big siblings to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Sometimes take a quick look, help briefly, bring the bottle etc.
In this way, they learn responsibility, help in the family and are involved.
As long as they can still be enough children themselves, I don't see any problem.
If your K1 is busy alone for the short time and it's OK for him, that's good.
You can best judge for yourself whether this suits your children.
It's not like he's supposed to wrap K2 and accompany him for hours while falling asleep.
From a purely legal point of view, it is probably questionable.
Perhaps this is where the psychologist's statement comes from.
Because if something should actually happen such as a fire, burglary, earthquake, alien invasion, etc., it would actually be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk you want to take is, of course, your discretion ;)
Please help me to find the title of a book again!
I remember reading a thriller a few years ago and I can still remember almost the entire plot but I don't want to think of the title partout anymore maybe someone here knows...
The story was about anxiety and treating it.
At the beginning of the story, an animal keeper commits suicide by showering himself with food and going to his big cats in the enclosure.
The case is taken over by a detective who, after a short investigation, comes across his therapist who runs a clinic where he treats anxiety patients.
The commissioner has a little niece who is also afraid (of fire) and ends up with this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is anonymously commissioned before each suicide to go to the place of the suicide and to document and to put the photos on the Internet.
In any case, it ultimately turns out that this therapist runs a kind of underground therapy group where the patient is transplanted a chip that suppresses an anxiety center in the brain and the patients ultimately face their fear in the most extreme way.
(one woman jumps out of the window another deliberately drives herself to death)
Facing fear is referred to in the book as "the fight".
In the end, there is a big showdown in the clinic that had to do with a fire.
This is so the rough plot I am quite sure that the book was written in the original by a French author.
If this plot is known to someone or even someone can tell me the title of the book, I would be very happy.
Oh dear, I don't have the password for Wi-Fi available.
Must first contact my husband.
But that can take time.
What steps do I have to take after that?
Is it also possible to get the price difference back?
Child, 4 years old, splinter under the thumbnail
Child, four years old, has wood splinters under the thumbnail (outside) along the entire length.
Tried to pull it with tweezers.
Very difficult to grasp.
Didn't work out and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No more chance.
Tomorrow we go to the doctor.
All Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools, and measuring tools are carefully checked, tested, and subject to the strict controls of Bosch quality assurance.
Bosch therefore provides a guarantee for Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools, and measuring tools.
The Buyer's claims for liability for defects arising from the purchase contract with the Seller as well as statutory rights are not limited by this guarantee.
We provide a warranty for these tools in accordance with the following conditions:
We provide a warranty in accordance with the following regulations (No. 2 – 7) by remedying the defects in the tool free of charge, which are demonstrably based on a material or manufacturing defect within the warranty period.
The warranty period is 24 months, in the case of commercial or professional use or equivalent use 12 months.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the first customer.
The date on the original proof of purchase is decisive.
For all commercial blue power tools and measuring tools purchased from 01.09.2004 (with the exception of high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers and pneumatic tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks of the date of purchase.
Battery packs and chargers as well as supplied accessories are excluded from this warranty extension.
Registration can only take place on the Internet at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
Confirmation is the registration receipt, which must be printed immediately, as well as the original proof of purchase showing the date of purchase.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data to be entered there.
Excluded from the warranty are: parts that are subject to use-related or other natural wear and tear, as well as defects in the tool that are due to use-related or other natural use, abnormal environmental conditions, extraneous operating conditions, overload or lack of maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessories, supplements, or spare parts that are not original Bosch parts.
Tools to which changes or additions have been made.
Minor deviations from the target quality, which are irrelevant for the value and usability of the tool.
The remedy of the defect recognized by us as subject to warranty shall take place in such a way that we repair the defective tool free of charge at our discretion or replace it with a flawless tool (possibly also a successor model).
Replaced tools or parts shall become our property.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Distance Selling Act, I have a right of withdrawal of 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
Through the combination of digital decoder and sound module on a printed circuit board, we achieve dimensions of only 30mm x15.5mm and can therefore be installed in almost any locomotive of the track gauges H0 and 0.
LokSound 5 decoders are offered with all common interfaces and always come with an 11x15mm "sugar cube" loudspeaker and sound capsule kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a true multi-protocol decoder.
It masters the DCC data format as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In DCC format, 14 to 128 speed steps are as natural as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders log on to a suitable digital control center fully automatically.
It masters all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom®, the CV values can be read out on the main track with suitable control panels.
For control panels that can only program the CVs from 1-255 there are auxiliary registers.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speed steps at 255 addresses.
Three additional Motorola® addresses allow the triggering of 16 functions.
A built-in programming mode also makes reprogramming possible with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic login to mfx-compatible® control panels.
The LokSound 5 decoder detects the Märklin® braking distances as well as ZIMO® HLU brake commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
Braking with DCC brake components or with DC voltage is also possible.
In addition, it also stops with a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC automatic shuttle train enables automatic commuting between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analog DC and AC trains.
After my voucher is no longer extended due to a complaint that has not reached me, I will cancel my order worth approx.
Remove #NUMBER#€ from my shopping cart and order somewhere else, where the customer friendliness is higher and I do not have to tap my fingers sore to achieve absolutely nothing!!
What should I do with this number then?
Because of Omikron: Johnson wants to promote booster vaccination
More and more Omikron cases are causing politics and science in Great Britain.
By New Year's Day, therefore, all qualifying adults in England should receive a vaccination offer.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to make even faster progress on corona booster vaccinations in the face of rapidly rising Omikron numbers.
Every adult in England should be given the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year, provided that at least three months have passed since the second vaccination, Johnson said on Sunday evening in a pre-recorded video message to his compatriots.
Previously, the target date was the end of January.
The British government will provide additional support to speed up vaccination campaigns in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
In view of the Omikron variant, one faces an emergency, which is why the vaccination protection must be strengthened urgently, said Johnson.
The good news is that the level of protection can be increased again with a third dose of vaccination.
"Get boosted now!" said Johnson.
On Sunday, 1239 more Omikron cases were recorded in the UK, bringing the total to 3137.
Compared to the previous day, this was an increase of a whopping 65 percent. Dpa
will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price upon collection?
I am in favour of everyone introducing themselves with pronouns
I have sent an application.
Today the invitation to a conversation came by e-mail.
I want to reply to the email.
But unfortunately the name is not a "Peter", but a slightly more complicated name.
I googled him and depending on where he/she has a cultural background, it's either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how to write the email now.
Can someone please help me?
** I'm a foreigner and I don't want to kick an official over my feet.
Conclusion: everyone should introduce themselves with pronouns.
Have a total of 5 books on it.
4 of them.
Only the one I bought today does not work
Obviously, the chair had an apparent defect in sales.
How else can such a cushion damage occur after 9 months?
Only tried on the #PRS_ORG#.
However, this has been working for approx.
14 days.
That's why I always bought the last books through the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# but wanted to buy 8.
However, there were none left.
Now they are available again and I want you to please add 2 chairs to the order and charge me for that.
[CW] The feeling when I can't help.
Content Warning: I'm going to write something in detail about domestic violence here.
I just have to write something of the soul.
I (21) come into more frequent contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence for professional reasons.
A topic that really gnaws at me and unfortunately happens far too often is that many victims do not let themselves be helped or think we could not help them.
It is quite clear to me that we cannot do everything and that it is not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my job that move me more than if I can't do anything in such situations.
I see the bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in one-on-one conversation, with the perpetrator far beyond sight and hearing range, I can't reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the familiar social environment, fear of snatching the children out of it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes very close to tears, is all worth living without violence.
I want all women to know that they don't just have to accept violence.
Often I wish I could help in any case... I know I can't.
But it never gets any easier.
Please, always remember, you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
"Arcane" on Netflix: What good is the series for "League of Legends"?
A lot of fantasy, many complicated names, a breathtaking presentation: "Arcane", the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, has recently launched on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two seasons?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle of the MHP giants Ludwigsburg at the Merlins Crailsheim
At least youngster Johannes Patrick could be relied upon.
Again nothing: For the second time in less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick had said with a review of the cup defeat at the beginning of October at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim: "We still have some anger in our stomachs".
However, this did not subside after the game - but increased again in view of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the Basketball Bundesliga.
Whereby even more than the naked result disappointed the way of the performance.
A statistic that expresses the entire dilemma should be mentioned as a proxy: The triple rate was just 13 percent, 4 hits (all from the young Johannes Patrick) with a whopping 31 attempts - any questions?
The answer was provided by John Patrick: "We just weren't focused enough after the win at Tenerife and didn't implement what we trained."
Namely to move the ball.
His counterpart Sebastian Gleim reacted quite differently: "To win a great game for the second time against Ludwigsburg," said the happy coach.
"It felt like 10,000 people ago."
On Saturday, only 750 visitors were allowed in the Hohenlohe Arena, but they got their money's worth.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who scored 22 points and steered his team's game.
"The best playmaker I've ever trained," Gleim said.
While in Patrick's team even the top performers such as Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed across the board.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) did the Giants prevent a total debacle and came up to eight points after they had already trailed 39:59.
In addition to Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon scored twelve points.
Fortunately, there is not much time to quarrel.
Already on Wednesday (7 pm) the giants welcome the Skyliners Frankfurt, in front of a maximum of 750 spectators in Ludwigsburg.
we used to have a different e-mail address, but I changed it.
Yes, I got in touch a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We have informed ourselves legally again and have therefore written to them again.
We originally got in touch half a year ago.
Always as if from the egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He is able to inspire his audience with new interpretations of hits from the 20s and 30s.
Currently he is on the road with the program "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" - if he is allowed to perform.
Actually, Max Raabe would have wanted to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing comes of it.
The planned concert has been moved to May 2022 – "on official orders" to contain the coronavirus.
Other of his performances planned for the Advent season must also be cancelled, as it says on the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January, the artists want to make up for their dates already postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on 12 December 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe loved to sing a lot as a teenager.
He studied opera singing in Berlin, and in 1986 he founded the Palast Orchester together with fellow students.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of hits and chansons in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He has received numerous awards.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) reached - just like his successful album "Für Frauen ist das kein Problem" (2013) - the second place in the charts.
He has made it from the niche to the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, his blonde hair strictly combed back and attentive to etiquette, Max Raabe has become an integral part of the current German-speaking music landscape.
With the program "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" he has been on tour since 2020. Dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It can be supplemented with existing furniture and so we could check beforehand whether it fits in color
It still doesn't work I can only sift the wrapper but can't leaf through.
Federal Building Minister Klara Geywitz: Expropriation will not create a new apartment
The new Federal Minister of Construction Klara Geywitz (SPD) has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing corporations, as demanded in Berlin in a referendum.
"Expropriation does not create a single new apartment, only the ownership structure changes," Geywitz said in an interview with the "Tagesspiegel" (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants security that their rent will remain affordable in the coming years.
By the way, a colorful mix of private landlords, cooperatives or housing companies, for example, is the best protection against the formation of a monopoly.
In Berlin, the coalition of the SPD, the Greens and the Left Party wants to set up a commission of experts on how to deal with the result of the referendum.
However, if the situation does not ease, Geywitz did not rule out talks with the FDP in the Traffic Light coalition on further tightening of tenancy law.
The coalition agreement provides for a rent brake until 2029, a limitation of rent increases in tense housing markets and the expansion of the rent index.
I will talk to the Minister of Justice to implement this as soon as possible.
If the rental market nevertheless does not relax, "we will talk to the coalition partners about further steps," the SPD politician stressed.
Hello, I wanted to order something and I noticed after a few days that I forgot the last step in the payment.
Unfortunately, the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be in stock again?
Or whether it will come again at all?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Voucher sounds great
Then I redeem it independently with the new order
Thank you very much for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long will it take to ship it?
I have already cut my finger
That is an absolute impudence
At least 100 killed by tornadoes in Kentucky
In a devastating storm system, numerous tornadoes have moved through the USA.
In Kentucky alone, more than 100 deaths could be lamented.
The pictures from there are reminiscent of a war zone.
In the night to Saturday, several tornadoes caused severe devastation in the USA and possibly claimed up to a hundred lives.
The storms leave an approximately 320-kilometer-long path of devastation, especially in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor Andy Beshear said after a visit to the disaster area, wherever the tornado had crashed through, everything was gone.
Houses, shops, government buildings - just gone.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It's hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He expects up to a hundred deaths in the state of Kentucky alone, the official numbers are rising hourly.
Hello, I just saw that she showcase #NAME# is sold out.
That is a great pity.
Is it still being produced?
Or is it completely out of the range?
Is it possible to order this showcase in another country?
by when do you get in touch?
If the delivery can not be made to my apartment, I have to cancel the order !
I understand that, but can I order the blanket now and have it delivered to Germany, which is in the shopping cart?
I had returned or given up a return via the contact form and wanted to ask if this was received or processed, as I have not yet received a confirmation.
Companies pay vaccination premiums and change advertising slogans
While the federal government continues to reject the proposals for a vaccination premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative themselves and offer their employees cash bonuses for vaccination.
This puts them in line with the social partners ÖGB and the Chamber of Commerce, which today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination calls - following the German model - is also intended to increase the willingness to corona vaccinations.
He has moved to a company about which he has blasphemed.
That doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and drink tea.
It's been a year.
Obviously, he did not sew himself into his old place and looked for something else.
You can do that too.
And that he didn't like you at the time: well, it doesn't matter.
He didn't like his job either.
There are too many variables.
Please accept the cancellation.
That will then be legally relevant.
I make a screen shot.
Hello - I am interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Is it also available in large 230cm?
In our online shop we kitchenpoint.de all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories.
We always check the quality and completeness of your order.
Smeg's new fully automatic coffee machine brings freshly ground coffee to your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matt colours in combination with the matt brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG fully automatic coffee machine with milk frother a design object.
According to the reduced design, all functions such as grind and water quantity, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with only four buttons.
Thanks to the fallow plant, coffee-milk and milk foam specialties can also be prepared.
Help with your first own campaign
Boron to the greeting!
I am currently leading the adventure Over the Griffin Pass for a group of 4 friends and want to lead my heroes seamlessly into a campaign written especially for the players.
We play DSA 5.
The big bow is made, the villains and their motivations written, the individual acts are made up and now I am writing the introductory adventure and stumble over my own feet at the first encounter.
The premise is that the heroes should bring a cart of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near Lake Thuran.
There the further plot should develop.
A few miles from the village, a group of goblins are said to lurk the heroes and lure them into an ambush.
I want to give the player characters the opportunity to solve the confrontation in different ways: convince, act, threaten, recognize the danger early, whatever the players come up with.
Group size: 8 ordinary goblins, 2 armed with spears, 6 armed with bows and sabres
If not noticed, the goblins lurk the heroes in a hollow path and flank the cart armed with three left and right arches, while two stop the cart with spears.
Should it come to battle and the heroes are defeated, I have two solutions
1. The heroes are all found unconscious and then found and healed by the son of the village schoolboy, a half-elf.
The cart is gone, of course.
2. Should a defeat be inevitable, this half-eleven intervenes with two of its servants and comes to the aid of the heroes in battle.
The cart is still there, everything is great.
How appropriate do you think Deus ex Machina of solution 2 is?
Is the Encounter too much as an introduction to the adventure?
The group goblins will play a decisive role later, so it is not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I didn't expect so many answers, especially not so many great suggestions and tips.
I am guaranteed to take many of your ideas to heart and now I have more confidence in my narratives again.
I disassembled the lamp again.
And put back together.
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work.
That's why I would still like to send them back
If you can then let the return receipts come, then I can pack the lamp and bring it to the #PRS_ORG#.
Save shipping costs and time - and at the same time relieve the environment!
If you need more than one item, please do not click on "Pay now" until you have all items in your shopping cart.
Thus, the combined shipping is automatically calculated and you get everything in one package.
This procedure saves you the multiple checkout /payment and the environment is happy, as no unnecessary shipping material and fuel are consumed for the delivery of several packages.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule, we ship your shipment, if payment is received by 14:00, on the same working day.
To ensure that your parcel arrives as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is also on your mailbox and your bell.
Would you like us to send you your parcel to a Packstation?
Then please select DHL, because only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL Packstations.
We will send you an e-mail with the tracking number if you have selected DHL or DPD as the sender.
Thus, you can already check from about 22:00 clock where your package is located.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be pleased if you rate us positively and give all five stars in the detailed reviews.
Should it ever happen that not everything has gone to your complete satisfaction, we would be grateful if you contact us before you leave a review.
This is the only way we have the chance to do everything we can to make you happy.
We didn't do anything with the chair.
suddenly the crack was there
I just sat on it
Here the lower part, so quasi the part with storage space was damaged.
Will everything be picked up again or just the storage space part?
I'm annoyed by Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the season the quality on the German Sky has decreased more and more, so I want to make a little air with this post.
First of all, the broadcast was cancelled today in the middle of the F2 race in order to start the F1 pre-coverage on time.
Although the schedule was far behind the planning due to the delayed start and the start accident, the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the championship decision (!) could still have been shown.
Apparently, however, it is the case that for legal reasons F1 enjoys priority and therefore everything else has to be limited, so Sky DE probably had no choice here.
Still stupid, especially since Sky UK broadcast the race to the end.
Nevertheless, a small compliment: the commentator Olivier Zwartyes has accompanied the difficult situation around the serious accident well.
Then in F1 there was once again ignorance of the rules among commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, so both did not know that you can change the tyres under a red flag.
Although this situation already existed in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both only came to the conclusion that Verstappen was allowed to change the tyres when there were corresponding radio messages to Hamilton on this topic.
At Sky UK and RTL, both commentators knew immediately that verstappen had this possibility.
I am of the opinion that such elementary rules should simply be known when commenting on F1 on a pay-TV channel.
It is also not the first guesswork, which is now possible or prescribed by the rules, both simply have constant uncertainties in the subject of rules.
In general, I don't like the artificial comment style of Roos, but admit that this is a matter of taste.
But I even really like Heiko Wasser from RTL better.
In addition, there are constant silliness, both of which simply make them seem unprofessional, such as ordering coffee from the (equally clueless) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" by Ralf Schumacher.
Especially the latter brings a lot of unrest into the commentary, which he apparently does not take seriously.
Last but not least, the advertising simply takes over at Sky, in the run-out round Sky is the only channel that goes into advertising, as you can listen to on F1TV because only the German soundtrack has to do without comment directly after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do that.
Also, these two channels do less advertising in the trainings than Sky, and that as a free TV channel.
Although Glock and Baumgartner must be praised for their work, that alone does not let me overlook the disadvantages.
The rest of Sky Sport F1's programme is also very poor and full of repetitions.
Overall, Sky is really the worst German-language channel that broadcasts F1.
Unironically, RTL does a better job with the exception of advertising in the four races they are still allowed to broadcast.
In any case, the grandiose F1 season is much less fun than it would be possible with a reasonable broadcaster.
I would be interested in your opinion.
On the here: #PRS_ORG# pendant lamp, brass and multicolored glass x 1
Hi, I have an item that was supposed to be delivered last week and that still isn't being delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and nothing so far.
The first lady told me it will be sent on Monday, the second lady told me yesterday that she will check and send an email and she never replied.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on 12.12.19.
One of them has already had a defect after a relatively short time (the fabric has a hole on the front part of the chair).
I ask for your support.
Fan pumps are ideal for supplying an aquarium with additional oxygen.
It is also possible to operate a filter system via air lifters.
This series is offered in 3 variants by us.
Look at the table at the end of the offer.
There you can see the services in comparison.
If the pumps are strong enough, you can operate entire systems with them.
If you have a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outputs are suitable so that you can connect several outlets.
The MK series has one, two or four outputs, but depending on the model fan pump are also suitable to set an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with an air curtain (you can find it in our shop) or with a décor that converts the air bubbles into a function.
Here would be a treasure chest, shell or similar to mention.
The MK series has a special, soundproofed construction and thus ensures low operating noise.
The installation is very simple.
The fan pump is connected by means of an air hose 4/6 mm to an outlet or similar... and you're ready to go.
The fan pump should be the same or higher than the water level and should be mounted on the outside.
If the fan pump sits lower than the water level, you should put a check valve in between.
Simply cut through the air hose and place the valve in between.
This would prevent if water were to run backwards, the water from the basin running through the pump...
If the fan pump is installed outdoors, it should be covered and protected from moisture, just like other air pumps.
Mk Series pumps are pure powerhouses that consume little energy
Even if we specify the processing time here in ebay with 3 days, so is packed daily and the packages are also picked up here daily.
If everything goes well on the road, it goes very fast.
We just want to prevent a little so that no one is upset just because it once took a little longer.
It would be so, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in the forwarding industry... of course, no corona stops here.
Please do not rate badly just because the delivery is delayed, this is solely due to the parcel services.
Of course, people like to complain about these services, even if we say at the moment,... they have a damn hard time
This is also very different from region to region.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that there will be better times again.
how long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrest?
Can you also order the legs in light here?
Amazon founder Bezo sends astronaut daughter and presenter into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers have taken a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by the rocket system "New Shepard" of the company Blue Origin of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Take-off and landing of the approximately ten-minute flight took place in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky, Bezos himself received the newly crowned astronauts on their return.
"Welcome back," said Bezos, dressed in a blue spacesuit, as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
To the applause of friends, family and employees of Blue Origin, the six passengers gradually climbed out and embraced the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they were on the road for ten minutes and 13 seconds, reaching an altitude of 107 kilometers.
74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of Alan Shepard (1923-1998), who flew into space as a NASA astronaut in 1961, after whom Blue Origin's rocket system is named, and 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were guests of honor at the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: aerospace engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not say how much they paid for their ticket.
Laura Shepard Churchley recalled her father's mission after the short flight.
He had to work hard in his assignments and do everything himself.
She just flew along, said the 74-year-old with a laugh.
Michael Strahan also expressed his enthusiasm.
He would like to return to space right away, said the moderator.
"New Shepard" flies up to an altitude of 100 kilometres
The rocket system "New Shepard" flies largely automated.
The capsule, which was separated from the rocket during the flight, reached an altitude of about 100 kilometers above Earth, at times with weightlessness, before the reusable object landed again slowed down by large parachutes.
The International Aviation Federation and many other experts see 100 kilometers above Earth as the border to space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was Blue Origin's third manned all-outing: At the first in July, Amazon founder Bezos himself was on board, along with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second in October featured 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, who became world famous for his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek," as well as former NASA engineer Chris Boshuizen, entrepreneur Glen de Vries, and Blue Origin deputy chief Executive Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of advancing the business of space tourism largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and without regard for the climate.
At the push of a button, you can easily select whether your »Smart Stone« should shine permanently in one color or play through its entire color repertoire.
Adjusted to color change, the light stone retains a light color for about a minute before gently transitioning to the next decorative shade.
The solid construction of the »Smart Stone« luminaire proves itself all year round outdoors.
In snowy environments, their light is even particularly good – only shortened burn time is to be expected as soon as the days are shorter.
In winter, please only make sure that no snow impairs the function of the solar module.
»Smart Stone« uses a NiMh battery in the common Mignon (»AA«) format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can obtain a suitable replacement battery from our webshop and thus extend the service life of your decorative light even further.
High-gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, especially for the design of rims, wheel trims, paintable plastic parts with appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR offers for the first time a smudge- and weatherproof chrome spray.
The optimal effect is achieved on a black background, e.g. by pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single can and in a set incl. effect primer and dust binding cloth for optimal preparation of the painting.
For use on metal, wood, glass, paintable hard plastics, stone.
Perfect that agrees :) don't I need to enclose anything else?
All you need is the tracking number for my mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or has studied biochemistry
I am currently studying biochemistry in the first semester and actually find the subject itself quite exciting and even being in the laboratory does not bother me (I already have the inorganic chemistry internship behind me).
Of course, I also informed myself about career prospects before my studies, but at that time I also thought that I would definitely like to and will study until my doctorate.
At the moment, however, I have doubts, especially depressing the career prospects.
On the one hand (Studycheck etc) you always hear great career opportunities and the profession is totally sought after, on the other hand you hear again and again about unemployed biologists and incredibly poorly paid jobs.
Therefore, I would be really interested:
1) What are you currently working as?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What did you study/ What training did you do?
4) Would you do the whole thing again?
Thank you for your answers!
I am really unsure at the moment and am thinking about breaking off my studies in 2022 and training as an IT specialist.
If you have any experience there, please write them :)
Extra stress before holidays & holiday weekends
This topic came up with me last week.
But now I had to use my long weekend to relax from it.
That's why only now a post to it.
Not only before big holidays, such as the Christmas holidays, there is a lot of stress in our company.
As it seems, there is also before holidays plus bridging days.
It was like this: Last week was the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, which is called "Ascension" here in Switzerland.
On Friday, the vast majority of people and companies make a bridging day, which is therefore semi-official.
So there was a long 4-day weekend in the house last week.
So what happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
Lots of e-mails, which absolutely had to go out before the driveway, order here order there, everything *necessarily* before the long weekend.
Because... yes because?
Because "next week then" sounds like so much time and that should not be?
Or because people in all seriousness want to do as much in a shortened week as in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but also very annoyed.
What is the point of this self-assay because of holidays?
Why then do we still have holidays if we are not allowed to treat ourselves to them properly?!
Mind you, the stress did not come from above, the colleagues were all quite independent.
My question is simple: Is that just us, the Swiss?
Is this our Reformed Evangelical way?
Or do you know that in the north too?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - but has no gifts yet.
"The beauty, even if there is no snow in Erfurt, then you just drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest," said the actress and singer Hit Radio FFH.
She will get in the mood for the festival by baking and crafting cookies with her son.
"I love that," Catterfeld said.
Until the contemplative days, however, she still has a lot to do: "For the first time I have no gifts yet, I finally have to get started".
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth process of moulting and new plumage formation.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 μg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of plumage damage occurring in bird husbandry is solely due to nutritional errors.
Since the plumage consists of protein-containing substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein diet of the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a flawless plumage.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily diet must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
A large part of the animal losses that occur during moulting are due to a lack of or unbalanced protein intake and/or insufficient supply of vitamins and minerals.
In the composition of NEKTON-Bio, the unfavorable ratio of amino acids in most plant feeds is explicitly taken into account and balanced.
No other vitamin preparation should be administered during the use of NEKTON-Bio.
NEKTON-Bio is soluble in cold water and can be easily administered via drinking water or soft food.
Thank you very much, I found it
Unfortunately still does not work
GDR handicraft model old building E-Lok E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the locomotive was in use in Silesia and Central Germany, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railroader ME Heft 11/1968, used with play tracks and missing parts see photos, function good, The class E 95 is a heavy freight train electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal block trains in the Silesian network,  perhaps the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is located in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and we refurbish it for operational purposes
In 1924, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft commissioned AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive capable of carrying 2,200-tonne coal trains and 530-tonne passenger trains at a cruising speed of 45 km/h on this route.
The top speed required was 65 km/h.
Thus, in March 1926, the DRG decided on the delivery as a 1'Co+Co1' locomotive with Tatzlager drive AEG with the delivery of the mechanical part, the Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which were given the operating numbers E 95 01–06.
All survived the Second World War and then found themselves on the territory of the later GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives arrived in the Soviet Union as reparations.
They returned to Germany by November 1952.
In the Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk Dessau, the refurbishability of all six locomotives was determined.
[4] When the need for locomotives for heavy freight train service arose with the progressive re-electrification of the Central German network, the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were refurbished in 1959, with the remaining engines serving as spare parts donors.
First, the E 04, E 44 and E 94, which were available in larger quantities, were preferably constructed.
Only when it was foreseeable that the number of refurbishments of the E 94 could not be further increased did the E 95 become the focus of the refurbishment.
[4] Initially, the locomotives were stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren depot.
They came to the Bahnbetriebswerk Halle P in 1960.
In a separate circulation plan, they were mostly used in front of coal trains from the Geisel Valley in the direction of Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
With increasing age, the complicated control of the locomotives proved to be problematic.
So it often happened that contactors remained stuck during switching actions.
Then the beimann, who was constantly travelling on this locomotive, had to release the gunners with a hammer and wooden wedge during the journey.
Damage to the traction motors occurred frequently and led to months of locomotive failures.
[5] Since at the end of the 1960s there were enough new locomotives available and a significant expansion of electrical operation was not planned at that time, the Reichsbahn was able to dispense with old locomotives and most splinter classes, so that the E 95 was decommissioned.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn wanted to occupy electric locomotives only one-manly, which would have resulted in a problem in train operation due to the aforementioned difficulties with the machines and the visibility from the driver's cab.
[5] After the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were shut down in mid-1969, they were the last to be followed by the E 95 01, which left service on 5 October 1970.
The proposed new designation 255 001 was therefore never used.
With the exception of the E 95 02, all locomotives were dismantled.
The E 95 02 was installed as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a turnout heating system at Halle main station.
It took some time until those responsible at the Reichsbahn could be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the initial external refurbishment of the locomotive began with the aim of being able to present it at a vehicle show at RAW Dessau.
[5] Since then it has belonged to the Dresden Transport Museum as a non-operational museum locomotive.
In 1986, the internal completion of the locomotive took place.
In the DB Museum Halle (Saale) the locomotive is looked after in a museum.
Since 1995, employees of the traditional bw Halle P community have been working on the operational refurbishment of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive was presented for the first time at an exhibition in the Museums-Bw Arnstadt with new internal and external paintwork, whereby the transformers were checked and five traction motors are operational.
-The locomotives were in use until 1945 on the Silesian Mountain Railway and the branching branch lines, where they proved themselves due to their reliable drive and low maintenance.
In February 1945, the machines were relocated to Leipzig for the Central German network.
Initially, the main area of application was Silesia
Manual work model H0 in OVP, function good, optical rework on the locomotive in own work is necessary, dusty, with play tracks, cellar smell !!!, very rare handicraft model, very small edition - possibly the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and storage traces.
Yes, the F-parts are
I have received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with one part.
The central beam is held by two feet. unfortunately these are too narrow and the beam can not be mounted on the feet.
What are we going to do?
I can't build the bed.
The middle beam is held by two feet, these are unfortunately produced incorrectly.
The center beam does not fit into the intended bracket.
So I get new ones sent to me.
When will they be sent?
no no flat ones.
These are, according to the assembly instructions, the right ones of the shape, they were only too narrow
But that doesn't matter.
The main thing is that they fulfil their purpose
With me they are not flat
Could I get them sent to me?
Hello #NAME#, should I explain the problem to you again?
Residential building fire with two slightly injured and high damage
Two people have been slightly injured in a fire in a residential building in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, an estimated damage in the six-digit euro range has occurred, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had probably spread from a carport to the adjacent residential building in Kinsau (Landsberg am Lech district).
Two residents were reportedly taken to the hospital on Sunday with mild smoke poisoning.
The exact cause of the fire was initially unknown, but the police did not assume a deliberate arson.
The Kripo Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigations.
But it arrives much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To refute fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin posted a photo of his first vaccination on the social network "LinkedIn" in early 2021
Biontech CEO Uğur Şahin had not yet publicly commented on his vaccination status.
Now the entrepreneur published a photo showing his corona vaccination.
The illness of a friend had moved him to do so, Şahin said.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz-based company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing how he receives a vaccine against the coronavirus.
There was misinformation on social media that I was allegedly not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I received 3 doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine," Şahin wrote in a post on LinkedIn on Friday.
"For several months now, friends have been urging me to post a photo of me being vaccinated to counter these false rumors."
So far, he has rejected this because communication should not revolve around himself.
But a phone call last week changed his mind: "I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is battling a severe Covid-19 illness and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family were not vaccinated, Şahin wrote.
He did not ask for the reasons.
"However, the most common cause seems to be fear, which is often fueled by misinformation and mistrust."
Fear is difficult to combat with facts, sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
An interview with Deutsche Welle is circulating on the Internet in which Uğur Şahin says he has not been vaccinated.
However, the video was created in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself made clear.
"I am currently not legally allowed to get the vaccine myself," Şahin said at the time.
In Germany, there is a prioritization in the vaccination of the vaccine.
In the meantime, the prioritization has long been lifted - and the Biontech boss has been vaccinated three times, according to his own information.
Fire in substation: Tens of thousands of people without electricity
In several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia, the lights went out on Friday evening: no more electricity and in many cases probably no heating.
A fire had paralyzed a substation.
After a fire with severe damage in a substation, tens of thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia had to live without electricity for about 24 hours.
As a result of the fire, the lights went out on Friday evening for 41,000 affected residents in several communities.
The utility Westnetz reported that numerous emergency power generators had been in operation on Saturday until the large-scale fault could finally be completely remedied in the late evening.
Firefighters and thw helpers provided support in the municipalities.
The authorities offered childcare places in schools and called for neighbourhood help.
The supplier thanked those affected for their patience and the helpers for their commitment.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant limitations.
We would also like to thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire brigades and THW for their tireless efforts," said Florian Witt, head of the Primary Technology division, in a statement on Saturday evening.
The repair of the damage will take a few more days, as the Westnetz fitters were initially only able to temporarily put some lines back into operation, he explained.
According to the company, a technical defect led to the fire.
Electricity flows again
The fire that broke out on Friday at around 7:15 p.m., according to Westnetz, severely damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switchgear in the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid substation.
There, elaborate cleaning and repair work is necessary.
At the same time, a connection to a 30,000-volt voltage level has been created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply is restored.
Since 6 p.m. on Saturday, more than 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had electricity again.
A further 20,000 inhabitants of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid had been gradually connected from 9.30 p.m.
Since 11:15 p.m., those last affected by the outage have also had electricity.
More than 80 fitters from Westnetz and partner companies were on duty.
After the construction of an emergency power supply for important buildings on Saturday afternoon, the authorities had also called for neighborhood help.
"It is now important that the citizens take care of elderly or single people in their neighborhood and inform the local fire brigade equipment houses when help is needed," said District Administrator Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
When setting up and operating emergency power generators, the focus was primarily on the residents of retirement homes.
In addition, according to the authorities, temporary care places have been set up in schools for those people who could not provide for themselves or who need electricity-dependent medical equipment or are dependent on medical care.
Good day!
Unfortunately, the ceiling is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay in euros?
It is the bedspread #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you also have a nice day and please stay healthy ♡
But I can't mount the base on the table top.
This is Custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions of it.
We wanted those with table tops diameter of #NUMBER #
we got 155cm diameter.
Today my #PRS_ORG# arrived, but I can't push them into each other and thus shorten them.
Can you help me with that?
Otherwise I would have to send it back, otherwise it will not be suitable for the purpose.
I would appreciate your feedback
yes that's really easier!
Then let's do it this way!
do you send me the return slip by e-mail?
the repair is now complete.
I had already tried this before the chat.
Before buying, however, I had not restarted the E-#PRS_ORG#.
Should I do this now?
I find such a low credit almost outrageous.
We do not agree with this
Nordic Combined: Combined Riiber wins
The German Nordic Combined Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid sprinted to the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
The duo once again had to admit defeat to the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started the trail with a large lead after ski jumping.
Return of the order number #NUMBER #
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes, we have made both s new and use version 4.5...
could be that they have often heard of problems
Bought directly with my #PRS_ORG#, a book it seems to be on it too.
As soon as I want to open it, the message comes, oops!
This document could not be opened.
File is possibly incorrect they report to customer service.
As far as I can see it is a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can they help me?
Chat connection is gone and now?
I also have to work in between!
To make the paint application even and clean, you should clean the components with a little soapy water from dust, grease and fingerprints, rinse with clear water and dry.
Before you put the brush on the model for the first time with a new color, it is recommended to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the components, which will no longer be visible later, or on a yoghurt cup.
The first line on the component
Drag the brush evenly stroke next to stroke.
Slight overlapping of the paint layers later ensures a uniform surface.
Avoid quick back and forth swiping with the brush.
This creates unrealistic surfaces.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the bright colors.
The dark ones could otherwise shine through later.
Metal tones and metallic colors come at the very end with a separate brush.
Otherwise, unsightly metal streaks can occur if they mix with normal colors.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before installing them.
The models achieve a true-to-original appearance through the decals or decals.
From emblems on airplanes to ship names to trims and license plates on car models: The decals give the model the finishing touch.
Attach the decals in the correct order as long as the components are still easy to reach.
An aircraft cockpit is easier to glue before it is installed in the fuselage.
Even more important than the right tool such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks are time, patience and a steady hand when gluing.
Cut out each decal you need individually and set it up for you.
Decals are also called water slide pictures because you briefly moisten their back with water until the backing paper becomes dark due to the wetness.
Then you slide the picture only a small piece of paper and place the piece on the appropriate place on the model (which you have also moistened before).
While holding the decal on the model with a tool, you pull the backing paper away from the side.
Attention: Always check whether the image fits correctly before you push it completely off the paper so that it does not stick to the finger, wrinkle or even tear.
Suction excess water with a household towel.
Attention not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book briefly, as soon as I look for something else then I no longer read the book and have to log out and log in and reload the book and look for the place to where I have read.
ON Saturday I have already communicated with you.
Will I receive it by email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp arrived in 3 individual packages with me
ok anyway thank you very much!
then I will buy somewhere else as soon as the money is back.
But will I get it back without any problems?
Fertility treatment at PKV / What is an "insured event"?
Hello everyone
We were in fertility treatment for some time, now when it comes to the billing with the PKV, this suddenly turns out.
In order:
We had applied for the fertility in advance at the PKV and got the commitment over 3 attempts.
The experiments were not limited in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to the successful pregnancy and birth and was settled with the PKV.
Some time later we tried to have a second child, and carried out 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but did not yet settle them with the PKV.
We again applied for the cost assumption at the PKV and were again granted 3 more attempts.
After a few more attempts (we carried out more attempts than promised, logically settle the most expensive with the PKV) we submitted the invoices to the PKV and got the nasty surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3), the PKV only wants to reimburse 3 attempts.
The reason: With the pregnancy/birth, the remaining 2 attempts of the first commitment expire.
The second desire to have children is a new insured event.
According to the GTC, however, "The insured event begins with the medical treatment, it ends when there is no longer a need for treatment."
The questions to the experts in the round here:
* Who is right here, the PKV (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or we (there are 5 attempts to reimburse)?
* Should the PKV have pointed out to us in the promises that with a birth the further attempts expire?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insured event?
Infertility (caused by closed fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts here would give their opinion.
Thank you very much for your help!
Can you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how best to reach them again
All right.
We will not order anything more from them.
If they add up the sales of me and my friend #NAME# (same address), they have obviously lost good customers.
They are welcome to pass this on to their manager.
This is not competitive.
Yesterday the colleague told me that the repayment has been arranged and now you tell me that I have to send the thing back first.
I can't help that the dresser arrives completely distraught
Please see in the screenshot what the colleague has written
It is clear that the repayment was initiated and I still have not received a refund by #PRS_ORG#
They can tell their manager that they have now lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered various furniture for our apartment via his account.
We're not going to do that anymore.
No, the defect occurred only after a few months.
An office chair must withstand normal use.
Otherwise, they are not allowed to sell it as an office chair.
Regardless of this, the warranty of 24 months applies.
No, it is not possible for me to procure another type of packaging.
I will be able to dismantle the cabinet and make it available to the transport company.
Hello, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG #
These products are advertised with additional stools to be purchased, but unfortunately we cannot find them with you.
Can they help?
Topic of the Week: The Best Low Budget Movies
There is no general definition of exactly what a low-budget film is with exact budget limits.
Wikipedia has the following to say about this:
>A **low-budget film** or **low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
On the net you can find plenty of lists of low-budget movies, such as on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know interesting representatives of this category?
What excites you about it?
And what do you not like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
Wanted to ask for the best price for the grey leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is it now also reliable?
Thank you very much
Sincerely,
There is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30min is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes in the waiting position... I'll give up again soon because it just doesn't work here.
Hello
"Half victory" against Belarus associated with high costs for the EU
According to political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can announce a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
However, the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees on The border with Poland and Lithuania, Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
The EU has not solved the confrontation in the long term, said the researcher from the Berlin Institute for International and Security Affairs (SWP).
This state of limbo - Belarus does not give in completely, but the EU feels like a winner - will probably continue for a while.
Dealing with people at the border is not in line with the European Convention on Human Rights, Bossong said.
Apparently, there is an "increasing normalization of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole does not resolutely oppose it, this is at the expense of fundamental rights.
At the same time, this development weakens cohesion in the Union.
"It obviously cannot prevail if a member state sets its mind on doing its thing," as poland is currently doing, not even allowing the EU border protection agency Frontex access to the border.
In addition, the EU is paying another price for its policy on the border with Belarus, bossong said: An agreement in principle on asylum policy will be made more difficult because the line "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Renewed attempt to cross borders
According to Poland's border guard, migrants have again tried to reach Polish territory via Belarus.
55 migrants were arrested in the night on Sunday and brought back to the border, said a spokeswoman for the authority on Sunday.
Polish officials were pelted with stones by the migrants in the incident not far from the town of Czeremsza.
According to the information, a soldier was hit in the face and had to be medically treated by a military doctor.
In total, the border guard registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
Already on Friday evening, a group of 28 migrants had overcome the border barriers.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan had crossed or tried the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko, as the ruler in Minsk, of having lured them with the prospect of entering the EU.
Poland and Lithuania sealed off border sections, according to press reports.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU commissioners travelled to people's countries of origin to prevent departures there.
The most effective element of the EU's response is the pressure on airlines, Bossong said.
"The EU has thrown its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with hard bandages and extraterritorial sanctions."
Minsk must also take into account domestic political costs.
Belarusian society is probably not prepared for the fact that the security apparatus regularly smuggles thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes protests after controversial Formula 1 finale
According to Mercedes, Max Verstappen is said to have committed two rule breaks during the race.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has lodged an appeal.
The Silver Arrows suspect two rule breaks in the last Grand Prix of the year.
One protest refers to an alleged violation by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the last safety car phase, when he is said to have overtaken in violation of the rules.
A second appeal was lodged against the classification at the end of the race.
In Mercedes' view, the protocol was not followed in accordance with the rules.
Verstappen had overtaken Lewis Hamilton in a Mercedes on the last lap and had raced to his first Formula 1 title.
The manoeuvre took place shortly after the end of a safety car phase in which the Dutchman had overtaken cars in front of him.
I'll check that.
I talk to the bank and contact you again
thanks for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park organises SC Freiburg Fan Day
Europa-Park, namesake of the Europa-Park stadium of Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited to the SC Freiburg Fan Day.
As the park announces, members and season ticket holders of the Sports Club from Breisgau as well as members of the fan community were allowed to visit Europa-Park free of charge on this day.
In addition, there were vouchers for drinks and sausages.
The roller coaster trains shone red and white through the jerseys that day.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop," says the park.
The cooperation between the Bundesliga club and the amusement park in Rust, 40 kilometres north of Freiburg, has existed since the beginning of the 90s.
The first SC Freiburg Fan Day at Europa-Park once again showed how well the partnership fits.
Seeing radiant fans having fun together on the roller coaster confirms this," says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
why is this €#NUMBER# and not like originally 1699€?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 World Champion.
Max Verstappen did it.
The Dutchman wins his first World Championship title in the Red Bull in his seventh year in Formula 1.
His way to the summit of the premier class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen loses the Kart World Championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen leaves him angrily at a gas station on the return journey.
His mother Sophie Kumpen picks up the teenager in the car behind him.
2014, England: The Red Bull junior team gets promising young talent in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old is thus following in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
At that time, he continued to drive in the European Formula 3 for the time being.
2015, Australia: Verstappen starts a Grand Prix at the age of 17 years and 166 days as the youngest driver in history.
Due to a defect, he has to park his Toro Rosso in Melbourne prematurely.
2015, Malaysia: At 17 years and 180 days, former Toro Rosso driver Verstappen is also the youngest racing driver to score points in Formula 1.
Verstappen finished seventh at the Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang.
2016, Spain: In his first race for Red Bull, Verstappen wins immediately.
At 18 years and 228 days, he sensationally becomes the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history in Barcelona.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his pole premiere in Budapest - he is not the youngest.
At the age of 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
Verstappen celebrates his first world title at the age of 24 at the Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi - with an overtaking manoeuvre against Hamilton on the final lap. Dpa
I already had a huge trouble with you when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# chest of drawers.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim"
As part of the reading series "LiteraTour Nord", author Judith Hermann read from her current novel "Daheim" in the sold-out Blue Note on Friday and also acted as a presenter.
She is divorced, lives in a house on the coast and listens sensitively to the nocturnal sounds at her front door.
I left the contact form for returning an item yesterday, but did not receive an email confirmation or the like.
My question would be whether my request has been received.
Not everyone has the time for your crazy chat and incorrectly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake, which you fix and not all from our household.
Contact Mrs. #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day
We had chatted yesterday and agreed that I or Mrs. #NAME# will receive an email with a 60 Euro voucher, a new order of the #PRS_ORG# bedside table and a return label.
This email has not yet arrived.
The package wants to bring to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
Sincerely,
The LokSound 5 decoder can play up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bits / 31250 kHz and finally offers hi-fi quality on your system.
There is practically no difference to the original audible anymore.
A Class-D audio power amplifier with up to 3W output power controls the speakers, which may have between 4 ohms and 32 ohms impedance.
The huge 128 Mbit sound memory ensures enough capacity.
All individual noises can be individually adjusted in volume.
The super-flexible sound engine without a rigid schedule allows the exemplary simulation of all conceivable rail vehicles.
Three separately adjustable braking functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry but just because he says he's not an anti-Semite doesn't mean anything.
It's like when an afdler says he has nothing against foreigners.
Neither of them will admit it to their i.
But Kollegah constantly reproduces some anti-Semitic messages.
If you want to distance yourself then you should just leave it completely.
Yes wow then you are just as little serious as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions evolution fundamentally is simply completely lost.
Because of me, a God got the whole thing going.
But once you're a creationist, you have to believe that the Earth is 10,000 years old and science is just nonsense.
And so you are an enemy of science and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah
In order to obtain an optimal field of view, the magnifying glass should be approached as close as possible to the eye.
The specially aplanatic-achromatic lens system allows you to use the magnifying glass into the edge zone without practically forgiveness and color error.
Magnifying glasses are often marked with magnification information.
However, this information only applies to precisely defined conditions that rarely correspond to the conditions of use.
In order to be able to use your magnifying glass optimally, we ask you to follow the instructions in the table "Technical data" (see instructions for use in the packaging).
Light reflections are created on the lens surfaces of all optical devices - including impact magnifiers.
These reflections are significantly reduced by an anti-reflective coating.
If the optimal conditions of use are observed - magnifying glass close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the enclosed instructions for use (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Magnifier Credit Card Magnifier Enlargement Pocket Magnifier Reading Magnifier Reading Aid
Whether as a reading aid on the go or simply for the everyday minutiae: The Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And their hard layer makes them robust against special hardships in old days.
Each magnifier includes a credit card sleeve for storage and safe transport.
They bid on these parts, which you can see in the pictures or are described under "What do you offer".
In what condition is the offered item?
Of course, everyone can overlook something once, because no one is free of mistakes - should this be the case, just write a message and it will be clarified to full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial repayment or complete repayment).
You will receive a proper invoice.
Shipping is always, unless expressly requested otherwise by the buyer, insured with tracking number by DHL!
The individual shipping costs can be found in the above shipping conditions.
There are no additional handling costs.
ok say everyone uthoriert, how can I check more closely?
yes both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do very nice and good service, although it took until you got to a person, you were great
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# Team,
I have already contacted you under the customer contact with the number #PHONENUMBER#.
yes, but it was said before.
You cannot deliver from England because of #PRS_ORG#.
Fir sales in Schönwolde: In the municipality of Krembz, women choose the Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has already experienced many a curious situation when selling fir trees.
Once a man is said to have even gone home without his partner, because both could not agree.
Every year he plants a good 2000 pieces.
The 56-year-old has already experienced many a curious situation.
That always makes the pre-Christmas season a bit funny, he says.
And that with the voucher??
Otherwise I'm gone as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and now paid the full price for it.
Then I will evaluate it accordingly!
We don't need to have discussions about the better dish here, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both are made of meat that is grilled on a spinning skewer.
And both therefore have their name.
On German, an equivalent might be something like the "Dreher", which doesn't sound nearly as delicious.
Problems with fiber optics + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have had a new fiber optic connection in the house for a few weeks now.
Unfortunately, I now have problems to build a stable Wifi network.
Previously I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which received and sent out 50 Mbit except for a few failures.
The new fiber optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and the DLan module connected to the FritzBox also receives it.
However, the other DLan module, which emits the Wifi, no longer receives the full 500, but the further I distance myself in the house with the module, the less arrives (i.e. use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module).
As a result, the Internet with the new fiber optic connection on the first floor is now even slower than before (\~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which apparently uses a new technology.
This was slightly better than the DLan, but here too there were similarly large losses.
Could someone explain to me why so much internet speed is "lost" over the power line with fiber optics?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely time-consuming to lay LAN cables in the house.
I'm really desperate, which is why I created an account here.
That is why I would be all the more pleased about an answer.
When it's time to change your checking account
Anyone who would have thought that now there would be peace in the current accounts, is deceived.
While many banks have used the autumn to have their customers confirm the fee increases of the past with all sorts of tricks, the allowances for negative interest rates are also continuing to fall.
Deutsche Bank, for example, was long considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she has just halved the allowance and even quartered it for the call money.
In a first step, the limit was lowered only for customers of the Group division Postbank - to 50,000 euros for current and investment accounts and to 25,000 euros for call money accounts.
In the meantime, however, these lower allowances apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesman confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for "newly made individual agreements with existing customers".
Commerzbank had already gone down to a limit of 50,000 euros, which still applies, as with ING Germany.
The direct bank DKB, which is particularly popular with cost-conscious customers, has reduced the allowances in two stages, initially to 50,000 euros, and now to 25,000 euros.
After all, more than 100 banks now have an allowance of 25,000 euros or less, according to figures from the Internet portal Verivox.
Sparda-Bank Berlin has also arrived at 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the consumer centers, which have even been proved right in the first instance before the Berlin Regional Court against this regulation.
Now the banks are already discussing whether the institutions should possibly set aside provisions - in the event that the upper instances also declare negative interest rates inadmissible in principle and many millions have to be repaid to bank customers.
The table top was supplied for 8 people instead of those for 6 people.
The base is the one for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs a whole beauty army
She is now officially at the head of Hollywood.
But their lives are like a ride up and down.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was voted the most influential woman of the year by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter".
For her, who caused a sensation in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show", this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and work.
Their appearance is taken care of by a whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers.
After all, according to Aniston, she treats herself to one chip a day (yes, that's right: a SINGLE chip from the bag).
The fact that the hearts of female and male fans alike still fly to her is actually a miracle.
Maybe because she is simply unlucky with luck - and still looking for the great love.
And has removed the baby wish from the list.
Previously, she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
That hurt her.
The people who asked this have no idea what's wrong with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
Let's hope that success and fame also make you happy.
Unworthy end of a career: Raikkonen must give up
Kimi Raikkonen's departure from Formula 1 was even quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a slight touch of the gang, Raikkonen had to park his Alfa Romeo at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after less than half of the race distance.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, the "Iceman" ends his career in the premier class of motorsport.
His wife Minttu and their two children had also travelled to the United Arab Emirates to say goodbye.
Raikkonen's greatest success was winning the 2007 World Championship in a Ferrari.
He managed 21 Grand Prix victories, started from pole 18 times and finished on the podium 103 times. Dpa
Friedrich takes 60th World Cup victory - Nolte wins the two-man bobsleigh - Sport
The brand of the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the goal of the bobsleigh pilot.
"I've calculated that, I would have to score nine and a half victories per season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who recorded two successes in two days at the races in Winterberg.
First, he fended off Johannes Lochner's attack by five hundredths of a second on Saturday, in which he drove from third to first place.
Then he changed something in the material setting and drove on Sunday with 0.30 seconds a larger lead.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle) he prevailed over the Briton Brad Hall.
Third place went to the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
"We took a bigger risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also took his 22nd victory in a row.
Johannes Lochner from Berchtesgaden, who drove for Stuttgart, came in fifth place after second place earlier.
Christoph Hafer from BC Bad Feilnbach finished eighth after finishing fourth in the first race.
"If I knew what he did differently, I would do it that way," Lochner said.
Nolte with home victory - Podium for Jamanka
In the women's race, Laura Nolte took her third victory of the season in the two-man bobsleigh on her home track.
After it was only enough for fourth place in the monobob the day before, she raced to world cup victory on Sunday in the German triple success with pusher Deborah Levi.
Two-man Olympic champion Mariama Jamanka from BRC Thüringen came in second with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
In addition to her Olympic qualification, she recorded her first podium finish this winter.
Kim Kalicki from Wiesbaden finished third with Leonie Fiebig.
For me it was super cool, first podium finish in the World Cup, I'm super happy that Mariama takes me with her.
I'm super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the start times today were okay," said Burghardt and emphasized: "It's not just pushing, but there is also a lot to do around it."
Jamanka was a little annoyed by the not quite flawless rides, but said: "It's going in the right direction".
I already had the blanket in my shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What shall I do?
I just didn't receive it and therefore couldn't redeem it, which is why I finally asked.
Due to Corona, I had completely different problems last year and never had time for them.
And now it was said that he had expired which made me very angry.
Look in the chat it was about the Asare bench.
I would like to return it and then order it again, as it is currently reduced :)
Why is shipping only started on 16.3.?
There was nothing of such a long delivery time on your website
No only when I tap on it comes an extra field with the message
Was taken off yesterday by your colleague.
Why is this a problem today?
I also sent you pictures of the wrongly delivered would.
But we still want the shelf module, just a new undamaged
And don't cancel the whole order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
Hello dear great girls and girls and women,
I have some things I just want to write and maybe one - or the other - will feel the same way...
I am 24, have kPTBS, full-time student and dog mom - apart from the fact that my dog does not scream or go to kindergarten he is actually 1 to 1 my child.
My boyfriend (together since 6Y) is sick, got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
Yesterday I visited him because I also have emotional needs and because I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him with the shower (because hand is in the bandage wg burn).
On top of that, he is chilled and we are currently seeing each other less (1-2x week) which makes me very difficult with my needs for affection and love.
My dog child just has a stomachache, I cooked for him and now he lies in his cuddly blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there for him with the heat lamp and petting.
I live alone with my sister and my mother, and she's just gone for a month.
Now we also have to do housework, which of course we divide up.
But even cooking is a lot of work for me right now...
My PTSD disease is currently quite well adjusted, I am reasonably well treated and get along.
Not good, but I get along and am almost symptom-free.
My university demands a lot (for me), tomorrow at 15h I have a written test for which I have not done anything yet and the day after tomorrow anatomy lesson for which I should prepare at least a little something.
And next week I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes next is in my calendar and not in my head because there is no more space.
So my week goes like this: Only until the day after tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But after that, the whole thing continues?
Only until the birthday.
Only until the beginning of the holidays.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need these mental clues, because otherwise I'll grab the ned.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic", but I can't do it any other way...
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I'm infinitely grateful that I don't have to work.
Really infinitely grateful, I can't put that into words.
Don't know if I would have survived my kptbs otherwise.
I think this has a lot to do with the mental load of women and that's why I thought that I would certainly find fellow sufferers here...
I wish you in any case a relaxing evening, the week is almost done!
I got my order today unfortunately the whole other color plus surface is scratched and table leg has imprint.
On the first delivery, the color was exactly like on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
If we are going to change the table now, I will get another color or how?
The cancellation email was sent on 26.12.#NUMBER#.
Incidentally, twice.
However, it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I noticed at school that many religion teachers do not believe in God and that for them it is just another subject like math or geography.
For me it was always a bit strange, maybe because I was raised Christian and I always believed somehow.
How do you feel about that?
Maybe you can also talk about work and or study colleagues with different attitudes.
Basically, I understand the difference between private and professional and it makes sense to separate.
There is also a curriculum, etc.
But it would also be strange to have a physics teacher who does not believe in the theory of relativity.
What makes you want to teach religion if you don't believe it?
True culture or something like that?
Hope you question is not too private.
Can it not be changed or not? Like to write in English that I also understand well
This has been going on for a very long time, then I would refrain from doing so.
Is good, thank you.
I expect a response in the near future, by the beginning of next week at the latest.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Movie Search Help please
Hello dear people,
I'm looking for a movie from my childhood (I'm 24).
I think it was a film for young people.
There are two timelines (or parallel worlds) in the film.
On the one hand, modernity (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the realm of the dead) (not quite sure).
Since I can't describe it in more detail anyway in the real world, there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead a young soldier (uniform similar to that of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason, the paths cross and an action is created.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman into this realm in order to be able to live for himself, I mean.
I think the crossing is also the grave of the soldier.
In the end, I think both soldiers fight against each other.
If that tells you something, I'm grateful for any answer.
Our little one slept only on her stomach from week 1.
Fast forward: still lives :D
Relax.
Such a child endures much more than you think.
Make sure that everything around it is right, no cuddly toys, go in more often and look, but no minutes of surveillance.
That drives you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Achso and ours did not have a sleeping bag, but always had a blanket.
Watch your child sleep.
Does it turn its head to the side?
Can it straighten up a bit from the stomach?
Or is it with the face in front Directly in the mattress?
From this you can deduce whether everything is in order.
We also all grew up and when my husband was born, it was e.g. common practice to put the kids on their stomachs to sleep.
In addition, we are already a "regular customer" with you and have already bought many items
But then why are you only offering me 20EUR?
Hello, I already wrote yesterday with a colleague of yours and so far no feedback.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived the day before yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer does not fit in the closet.
Please contact me as soon as possible.
The cabinet is currently not to be used.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV has promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself, not everything can be kept.
And I also had a lot of fun with RBTV.
It's just that the politics of this station are now under all sow.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then go on a big begging tour at the same time.
It has been said that it is an "independent" Internet broadcaster.
Quote Arno: One does not want to be "a running advertising column".
What are you now?
A 0815 advertising channel that tries to bring its BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's Do's & Don'ts.
Which, of course, apply to everyone except Simon and Etienne.
Of course, they are allowed to continue to insult people.
A Krogmann who completely lacks empathy and tries to make ashes at the expense of the action with the exploded rented rooms.
How can you find all this good?
Great if you like it, I think it's terrible.
I ask for a return call, because my delivered wooden table was delivered defective.
Body breakage due to damaged delivery of the #PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a comforter for stomach aches or just for cuddling – my little warmth friend can be used in many ways.
Cherry pit pillows are a traditional home remedy for soothing heat applications, as cherry pits can absorb heat very well and release it in doses.
The removable inner cushion can be easily heated in the microwave or oven.
The soft cover makes the application particularly pleasant, so that the little ones feel safe, even if they are not so well.
The cherry pit cushion with cover is suitable as a heat pad exclusively for the following areas of application:
Before heating the pillow, check for atypical odor, stick or burn stains and, if present, dispose of immediately.
Please remove the inner cushion from the cover beforehand to warm it up!
Heat in the microwave at a maximum of 300 watts for a maximum of 2 minutes (note the information provided by the microwave manufacturer!)
Immediately after heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking!
Then put the inner cushion back in the cover.
During the first heating, there may be a slight formation of moisture on the surface, but this disappears with repeated applications.
Be sure to follow the heating instructions given, as longer periods or higher energy outputs can lead to damage (risk of ignition and burns!).
Before heating the pillow in the microwave, check that heating of grain products is allowed in the manufacturer's instructions for use.
After the heated inner cushion has been placed back in the cover, please check the temperature of the pillow for suitability for babies (max. 43 °C) at the crook of your arm!
Do not use the pillow for acute and chronic, inflammatory or febrile diseases, circulatory problems, fresh hematomas, bruises and open wounds, as well as in people with reduced pain sensation.
In the case of existing skin, heart, veins, diabetes or tumor diseases as well as pregnancy, please consult a doctor before use.
If seams have opened and loose cores leak, dispose of the product and the loose cores immediately and inaccessible to children.
If the product is used in babies under 1 year of age, the child's temperature should be checked regularly during use to prevent overheating!
Any serious incidents involving the device shall be reported to the manufacturer and to the competent authority of the country in which the user is established.
The cover is removable and machine washable at 30 °C.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt second after first leg - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 is working its way out of the basement of the table.
For Ingolstadt it does not work even under the third coach.
Jubilation in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top game, joy in Hanover over interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the unsuccessful debut under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Last night my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was no longer charged by my power supply.
I bought this new about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought power supply alone was enough for operation.
No indication, the battery is empty and the laptop no longer starts despite the power supply being plugged in.
Then I removed the battery, but again nothing happens.
Do you have any ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in mains mode?
Is there something else broken?
Thank you for your help!
I want the delivery of the #PRS_ORG# to the room.
How can I book this?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
But don't know how high the seat is...
Often on tour and still a lot of equipment with you?
No problem with the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design!
20 liters capacity can also be swallowed by larger photo equipment without any problems, which can be safely stowed away with the help of the padded FlexFold dividers.
And whatever else you need in everyday objects remains well organized and separable from the photo equipment thanks to practical access in the individually configurable interior.
With the "update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The chic, minimalist design literally has it all - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack while still providing access to photo equipment in seconds.
This works with two possibilities: First, conventionally via the lid flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch closure system, an excellently thought-out solution for effective protection, which has already proven itself with the messenger bags.
There is a metal locking hook in the closure flap with matching anchor bars on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different "filling levels": there are 4 anchor bars, stably riveted, into which the locking hook can be hooked.
If the backpack is fully loaded, you simply take the top bar, it is rather empty, a deeper one.
Flap closure and hooks are also magnetic.
So the backpack can also be reliably closed without snapping the hook into place.
The second option also distinguishes the Everyday Backpack fundamentally from others, photo backpacks: In addition to the lid flap, there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest downside of traditional backpacks with access from above - you no longer have to dig through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail increases the everyday suitability of the backpack enormously: If you not only take your photo equipment, but also everyday objects or luggage with you.
In the Everyday Backpack you can configure the interior individually (more on this below) and thus easily store both separately from each other - and access them independently through the two side openings.
So you can also pull the backpack from the right side in front of the body, for example, to access the camera equipment in the right main compartment, while the everyday things remain safely in the left half of the backpack and do not get in between.
Comfortable, easily adjustable carrying straps help with this.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made entirely of 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents remain dry even if you want to go to Scotland in autumn.
Unfortunately I wait in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME# gave me an email yesterday from confirmation for the commissioning of the
Contact announced by the forwarding agent to pick up the incorrectly delivered table.
So far I have not received a message.
I ask for immediate processing.
I am already writing with the third support employee, with none of them I came further than the promise that I will receive an e-mail as a confirmation.
It is the return of the incorrectly delivered Custom #NAME #
It is foreseeable when the cabinet could be delivered again?
Keeping it that way is not an option for me...
It works.
Thank you very much for the help
Wish you a nice evening
hello, my order is #NUMBER#. when will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was made on 12.1.21.
I was supplied with a completely different lamp than I ordered
Please call me
If you extend the voucher for me, then I will place a larger order right away, but at least I kept the damaged piece of furniture and did not send it back.
And I could not have guessed that the past year went differently than expected and I was not able to redeem and clarify it in time.
But I have the damage as a customer and I don't accept that.
Rotinger brake discs are designed to meet the demands of the dynamic driver, who appreciates reliability and safety when braking even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are made of cast iron and then mechanically processed (drilled and cut).
All tuned discs are manufactured in short series according to individual technical characteristics, which are specific for certain discs and patterns.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing, a special manufacturing program is created, which is based on the characteristics of the original assembly with the balancing of the pane.
The tuned discs produced in this way ensure a high level of comfort and braking effectiveness.
Additional openings increase the effectiveness of cooling the disc, with the bleeds improving the cleaning of the brake discs and brake pads.
Aesthetic properties of our tuned windows underline the character of each car through attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man spotted glowing chunks in the water at the southern fork of the American River.
Although he tried to keep his discovery a secret, the news spread quickly, triggering the so-called "California Gold Rush" of '49.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest growing and thriving cities in the country.
Areas were staked out, tents were pitched, and saloons and hotels were built almost overnight.
Everyone wanted their share of the country's wealth.
For many, it was "Coloma or Bust"!
In this game, you are a pioneer who seeks wealth in the West and wants to make a name for himself.
You'll search for gold, recruit workers, round up horses, and build businesses.
You will also get the opportunity to explore the surrounding rivers and adjacent areas.
You're not alone – the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You have to outperform your fellow pioneers to avoid going bankrupt with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many paths to victory.
You choose your actions simultaneously, have to budget with your resources and build a tableau that "works" more and more for you (so-called "engine building").
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, get additional actions, or turn rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can develop your individual playstyle with the help of fine adjustments.
Coloma takes place over a three-year period from 1848 (the year the gold was discovered in Coloma), through 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) to 1850 (the year California achieved official statehood).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players will secretly and simultaneously select a location on the game plan where they can perform actions.
After that, their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers in the appropriate locations.
If a location has the most pioneers, it gets a lock!
This deactivates one half of the location - which reduces the possible actions there.
Then players take turns performing actions such as winning resources, moving carts, setting up tents, browsing rivers, building bridges, opening shops, and positioning gunslingers.
When all actions are complete, the pioneers return.
The promoter rotates to a new location at the beginning of each round, changing the available promotions.
This continues until the promoter has moved five times, i.e. has hidden each location once and the year ends.
There is a shootout in which players have to defend Coloma from a raid by angry bandits.
If players have contributed enough gunslingers and are numerically superior to the bandits, they will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they receive lower rewards or end up in the cemetery.
The game ends after the third shootout, then the final rating takes place.
The player with the most victory points wins!
With free shipping, I take up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm the shipping method, goods shipment (games wrapped).
For everything else mostly DPD insured and with shipment tracking (games wrapped, wrapped with tile and wrapping paper).
If you are a collector then I can also send cardboard in a box for an extra charge of 2 euros, that there are 100% no pressure points.
"Why children are not tyrants" documentary, ARD Mediathek
CW psychological violence, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentary appeared in my Twitter timeline today, and I watched it right away.
>Child psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a welcome guest on talk shows and gives lectures throughout Europe.
With his book "Why Our Children Become Tyrants" (2008) he triggered a fierce educational debate.
Former patients and guardians are now making serious accusations against him.
Please take care of yourself, the movie is hard to bear.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
We parents and other responsible persons must never, never, never! to go for power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child freedom for his or her development and to make the framework for the child as large as it makes sense and is possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shaking.
Holetschek: Countries discuss the abolition of the obligation to test for triple-vaccinated persons
The health ministers of the federal states want to decide at their next meeting on a nationwide abolition of the test obligation for triple vaccinated.
"We countries need clarity quickly as to whether and from when the test obligation can be omitted for three vaccinated people," said Klaus Holetschek (CSU), Chairman of the Health Ministers' Conference, the "Bild am Sonntag".
The elimination of 2G plus for triple vaccinated people is "not only medically useful, but also provides an additional vaccination incentive," said Holetschek.
Federal Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised "that he will make a proposal to the Health Ministers' Conference on this as early as next Tuesday." − afp
So I want to send the lamp back
What is the best way to do this?
Hello, I think the #PRS_ORG# chair is very nice, but I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me?
I can no longer process a purchase via my #PRS_ORG#.
Display: Oops, an error has occurred.
Shopping via the #PRS_ORG# page on the computer.
I have updated my account details.
What could be the reason?
What you describe is called *awareness*, i.e. sensory perceptions under general anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of about 1 in 1000.
Most often it comes to hearing sounds/voices, less often to seeing pictures and least rarely to perceiving pain.
Relevant for this topic: Caesarean sections are operations that are associated with an increased rate of awareness, as a very deep anesthesia is avoided to protect the child until the detachment.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned during the anesthesia preliminary discussion.
Certain anesthesia procedures, such as total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA), are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear everyone, this comment from me describes awareness correctly, but had** u/Nitemarex **by definition none.
Misread her comment.
However, the chair is defective.
Unfortunately, the 20 € do not help us either.
These are statutory warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be that they take back the defective chair.
In addition to the legal obligation, this is also standard in the field of eCommerce.
Please check again if you at least take back the defective chair.
We then sell the second chair privately.
We also lose a lot of money there.
I already sent you an email that you didn't answer.
Again, the question.
In the order and on the invoice it is stated that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The carrier is company #NAME#.
I just called there.
I was told that they only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is that so?
If so, I have to cancel the order because I don't know a person who can carry me the heavy furniture to the first floor.
won't I be called?
I had formulated a question
Theatre historian Günther Rühle died at the age of 97
He has distinguished himself as a theatre critic and as an artistic director.
Later he wrote a monumental theatrical history.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
There is still the new book on the table, hot off the press: "An old man is getting older".
The harrowing diarium of a slow farewell to the world, which the theatre historian and journalist Günther Rühle led until April 2021.
And in the middle of the reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book reads: "I already testify to my gratitude for life here".
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common are Euro pallets, standardized wooden pallets, which are mainly used in Europe as load carriers.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to data from Statistics Austria, more than ten million pallets were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was a good 79 million euros.
How many pallets are imported into Austria annually is not recorded
New York wins MLS championship for the first time
New York City FC has won the Major League Soccer title for the first time.
After beating hosts Portland Timbers 1-1 in regular time, the Eastern Conference team decided the final 4-2 on penalties.
In the final of the Eastern Conference, New York had prevailed against Philadelphia Union, the team of the German Kai Wagner.
Roulade Tips & Tricks
I got a lot of great tips for the perfect goulash here a week ago.
This was available for Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and buttery tender!
So thanks again for that :)
Now I have got a taste for it and would like to cook roulades for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will set up a cattle stock for this.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a large pot.
What's next?
What about the books or how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English is not so good anymore, but I can do it
IEs is for a refund of €#NUMBER #
I was already informed by e-mail on 18.01. that the refund was made.
But to this day, I have not received the money.
Would you please check there.
Where there are still Christmas roasts in the Lübeck area
For many people, goose or duck belongs to the Christmas days like the Christmas tree and the gifts.
You haven't bought poultry yet?
Now time is running out.
We'll tell you where to get a Christmas roast in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube power amplifier contributes significantly to the warmth and fat content of the guitar amplifier sound.
These features are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controls, you can set the desired level on the one hand and the distortion content of your sounds on the other.
Furthermore, the amplifiers of the VT+ series offer a unique POWER LEVEL control that allows you to reduce the sound level without changing anything in the "gain" and distortion.
Further up, it already sounded that with the POWER LEVEL controller you can even make a power reserve fleet, if it is outrageously loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL controller, the full potential of the VT+ series can be used in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line output.
The signal attached here is processed with a speaker simulation, so that you get an eminently "acoustic" sound impression even when using headphones or direct recordings.
A CD or MP3 player can be connected to the AUX jack, allowing you to jam to your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also get a VFS5 foot switch, you can also call up the sounds comfortably by foot, switch the effect blocks on/off and "tap" the tempo of the compatible effects.
For live use, this is actually indispensable.
With its new powerhouses, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But I had seen it that way with others.
Is there then a possibility to send the lamp back?
Since it hangs too low for a dining table?
So I would like to send them back.
Can you help me with that?
And the chest of drawers?
Will we receive an update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs
If it is not possible, I would be satisfied with a discount or voucher.
Under certain circumstances, I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Only over 1,000 euros for goods that I do not need are then a bit much.
I have just received my delivery and would have liked to know if screws were intended as part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) on the provided hook.
This is not a satisfactory answer and the wait was not worth it
Do you have a premium customer status?
Iran sees progress in negotiations on nuclear deal
According to Iran, progress is emerging in the negotiations on reviving the international nuclear agreement.
"Both sides are on the verge of agreeing on the issues that should be on the agenda," Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri told Irna news agency on Sunday.
This is a "positive and important development", because initially there was not even agreement on the topics to be negotiated.
The agreement is intended to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks on the revival of the agreement were continued after a break of almost a week.
Negotiators from Iran, Germany, Great Britain, China, France and Russia are taking part in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also on the ground in Vienna, but only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now state with highest corona incidence
Thuringia has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest incidence in Germany.
As the only federal state, the value is above the mark of 1000.
Thuringia was the only federal state to have exceeded the 1000 mark in terms of corona incidence on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day value with 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which had always had the highest incidence in Germany, this value was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia had fallen slightly, but had also been above the value of 1000.
In Thuringia, 2242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 more deaths related to infection were reported within one day.
200 people seriously ill with Covid-19 were treated in intensive care in hospitals on Sunday.
On weekends, there may be reporting delays.
In addition, the health authorities have been overloaded for weeks and can hardly keep up with the recording of new cases.
I understand that.
Since the delivery does not take place until the beginning of March, it may be possible until then.
I have to print it out and stick it on the package and hand it in at the post office, that's it, right?
I don't have to click/specify/fill in anything else?
That's exactly what I want to avoid, that's why I'm writing to you.
I would like to take over the return at my own expense.
8 euro return fee is in my eyes an impudence.
It's time for change
###MBundestag greetings, I am u/StratorDE in the Chamber in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#Wozu the post office here?
If you look at the activity in the past months of the MBundestag, you can see one thing: It is notextistent.
We got into a winter stiffness and extended the summer slump to a few months.
#Wo is the problem?
Yes, what was the reason?
For the most part, this may simply be related to dissatisfaction, how some things have happened here and how we are generally present.
In the last few days, the impression has become increasingly apparent that many here are still really keen on the MBundestag.
#Was we need to change
At this point, the community around the MBundestag is in demand, which wants to keep it alive.
The impetus came from u/edizVEVO, which has become aware of this project in recent days and has found, simply put, a pile of shards.
After some writing back and forth, several people from the community have found themselves who would like to rebuild the project.
However, I would also like to expressly call on everyone to participate, only in this way can this project continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a Discord server, on which we can exchange ideas and work out concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Goals:
* How should the MBundestag work in the future?
* Which existing regulations need to be changed/adapted/removed?
* How should we appear to the outside world in the future?
* How should new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair electoral system?
I'm pretty sure I've forgotten a lot, but that's not a bad thing, we end up with the Discord.
If you feel like it and have time, come to the Discord, work with us and let's decide democratically about the future.
I have ordered a lampshade from you that will still be delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/clunky for that and not suitable for my taste.
For this I have already ordered another suspension from you.
I put it together and then noticed this when I took the soft foam.
Very sad about it.
I hope this will be returned and I have a full refund.
This is also quite sad as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have another question: the bedspread #PRS_ORG#, is it also available in oversize, so in 240/240 for example?
#PRS_ORG# must be able to guarantee me that the faulty cabinet will be picked up promptly.
And I ask you to do that now.
I do not have a suitable packaging, but I will dismantle the cabinet as far as possible for collection - you have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how this can work then.
#PRS_ORG# can always contact me by phone to arrange a pick-up appointment.
Are there any instructions for assembly?
How long would I have time to get them or decide to return them?
How do you answer the question of why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I like.
She herself has lived vegetarian for a while, and currently eats meat very rarely.
I myself was also a vegetarian for a few years before.
When asked if I had always wanted to be vegan and vegetarianism was a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without much thought.
For a long time, I thought that as a vegetarian I would support animal welfare, but at some point I reflected and understood that I ultimately also support animal cruelty.
Hence my decision to go vegan.
At that moment I had the impression that there was resentment on her side, she then defended vegetarianism and said she knew where her meat came from and as a vegetarian you reduce animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer was too "clumsy"?
How do you answer the question?
Have the feeling that as a vegan you are quickly put in a corner and conflicts arise without putting it on it.
Greetings from a harmony-loving vegan (;
It is clearly not an exception according to § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not release you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I am not on site on the assigned date when #PRS_ORG# picks up my return.
Since I can't be there for a funeral, unfortunately this cannot be changed.
Can I please be assigned an alternative pick-up date.
From 01.02.#NUMBER# I can be found again throughout.
Lahnsteiner Wehr equipped for water rescue: 45,000 euros subsidy from the state
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior Roger Lewentz handed over a grant of 45,000 euros for the new water rescue equipment wagon of the Lahnstein volunteer fire brigade to Lord Mayor Peter Labonte in the Lahnstein town hall.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in operation since November 2020, amounted to 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in safety.
I am pleased that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this regard," says Lahnstein's Lord Mayor Peter Labonte.
The equipment trolley is used by the Lahnstein diving squadron, one of a total of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below water, they perform tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, it is expected that there will be a permanent increase in operations: the boom in hotel shipping on the Rhine and Moselle as well as the further increase in the use of the Lahn as a leisure river are contributing to this.
I bought a book which I could only read 10% and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
I followed their recommendations but synced, removed and reloaded the app NOTHING worked.
I am a bit frustrated because the whole action has already cost me a lot of time and hope for help now.
Okay, that's the way it is.
I would like to order 3 items from the collection of #PRS_ORG# for June.
Can I enter an appointment in the order process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the previously mentioned values are determined in the Fenix laboratory at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values may vary depending on the flashlight used, age and environment.
*: The burning time in the Light stage contains the burning time with reduced brightness due to the overheating protection.
2) Dealers are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the dealers or distributors from whom they have purchased Fenix luminaires for warranty support using the Fenixlight Limited 'Warranty Card' and either a commercial invoice or receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts necessary for the maintenance of our luminaires.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix will replace a new product within 15 days of purchase due to any manufacturing defects if there are problems with normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
When the model is discontinued, customers receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers a free repair for lamps within 5 years from the date of purchase if there is a problem with normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
Except for the products and accessories listed above, other products or free quotes from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited Lifetime Warranty: For luminaires that have exceeded the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifetime repairs, but charge a fee for parts.
The dealer informs the customer of the cost of the part before the repair.
4) Warranty Certificate: Customers request customer service from Fenix dealers or dealers by presenting a completed Fenix warranty card, purchase invoice or receipt.
The distributor should offer services to customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover damage or failure caused by:
any defects or damage caused by improper operation include, but are not limited to, the operation that does not comply with the warranty or the notes in the product specification.
For example, the product specification describes that the sealed head must not be disassembled, as this can damage the flashlight and void the warranty.
Any defects or damage resulting from other behaviour cannot be adequately controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type/model of the warranty object, serial number.
First of all, thank you for facing up to the whole thing here, I have also spent almost a decade in the civil service in a similar activity, i.e. we were also weapons carriers in the executive, I do not want to go into further!
I always find the question of right and left very simplified.
Basically, however, one should say that of course the public servant comes from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, that should be clear to everyone.
That of course also in a special uniform and weapon carrier people to the right of conservative magically attract should also be clear to everyone, that these people can then of course hardly deal with the lived reality is of course also clear, because you have of course in addition to the average white, now many Germans with a migration background, women and also homosexuals (and by that I do not mean the exaggerated feminine cliché gays,  because in the executive there are rather less or not at all but quite normal men and women who you do not notice it if they do not tell you) and also on these people I can and must rely, because in case of doubt they save your life or use it for you.
But even if it sounds strange at first, even if it sounds strange at first, in my experience, they are proud of Germany and feel less picked up by exaggerated left-wing politics, even if this policy supposedly stands up for them or thinks it has to please them, but they simply want to be treated normally.
Back to the right, since of course the police and armed forces are also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme right-wingers there, but that they are allowed to openly express their opinion there or even openly forge any plans endangering the state is completely exaggerated in the media and also annoys me.
Of course, it happens that especially police officers and soldiers who were often deployed abroad often start to generalize due to negative experiences and sometimes say things that are controversial to politically incorrect.
It also happens that right-wing comrades of opinion meet who engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, such a thing is well combated and also counteracted with political education and enlightenment!
Germany is so involved internationally and that's a good thing in my opinion that we couldn't afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks!
yes, what I do not understand, the other basket I also ordered on the German side.
Why should this come from England?
When I ordered, it wasn't sold out.
I already ordered in November.
but it was confirmed to me in your confirmation of the order
It's still about my order, which is no longer available.
I chatted with #NAME# before.
Alternatively, you could deliver the other #PRS_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# Euro in black to Germany or is this basket available in Germany somewhere.
I always find only you as a partner company.
but at the top of the edge of the wooden part are two deep notches filled with something yellow
and on the mirror itself is a small scratch
Neater by child?
Hello, I (w32) have been dealing with one thing for a long time.
I am very disciplined and organized at work (I am self-employed, very little free time), but all my life I get it more bad than right to keep my household permanently clean and tidy.
There are always phases in which everything is left behind, and now and then it grabs me and I clean up and clean.
But it is never really the case "that someone could spontaneously come to visit".
My husband is (unfortunately) no better, it bothers me somewhere but most of the time household just loses to work and displeasure.
The kitchen is still cleaned most regularly as we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to become more orderly with a child?
We don't have one yet, but we're working on it and this question has been on my mind for a long time.
Because for me I have no incentive, it just doesn't bother me so much, as long as no visitors come and e.g. there are always fresh clothes and the kitchen usable.
Do you have a greater incentive with a child or do you stay sloppy?
I look forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, and high-quality as well as anatomically preformed cut, offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus allows an almost unlimited freedom of movement.
Pre-shaping with special, wide embossing on the joints for improved freedom of movement (on arm and squats)
For the Focea Comfort 4, the Flex System 2 has more than doubled the area covered by the Flex System to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels on the joints reduce friction (armpits, arm squats and squats)
High-quality preforms in the lower back and in the crotch ensure a tight-fitting, perfect fit.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar region increases the flexibility around the back zipper, thereby improving comfort, especially when bending down and when mounting and applying the equipment to the surface.
The Free Flex Zone, which is located around the shoulders and back, guarantees increased flexibility in movements of the arms and back.
Fireskin is a warming, water-repellent material with a special surface structure that offers a high degree of cold protection.
Positioned on the chest, it brings heat to a sensitive area of the body.
Seamless, thin (-2 mm) seal on the face on the hood increases comfort, sealing and durability (separate hood)
Soft, collared zone improves sealing with fine-adjustable width adjustment through a flexible, gentle Velcro fastener that does not adhere to the lamination or seams
Double cuffs with zipper on the arm and ankle joints combine a foldable inner sleeve with a soft, laminated neoprene outer sleeve
45° notch at the end of the inner cuff for increased elasticity and resilience when tightening.
Long zipper on the neck with an Elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on the jumpsuit without hood
Long G-Lock P back zipper (overall without hood) with metal slider and integrated Water Dam system for improved sealing (Beuchat patent)
Zippers on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements at all ends of the zippers to prevent tearing in case excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels flush glued with outer and inner overlap
Edges of the outer sleeves lined for greater load capacity
Edges of the inner sleeves notched for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system has been designed to fix the computer in place, especially during deeper dives (the system is compatible with all major wristband computers)
Career in social work – as someone with a self-insecure personality disorder?
I did an apprenticeship in software development and have been training for about a year now.
Unfortunately, I notice more and more that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been thinking for some time about starting again and studying social work.
The problem: I have a self-insecure (or anxiously avoiding) personality disorder (ÄVPS).
Roughly speaking, this means that I have no self-esteem and am therefore shy.
I have no problem talking to people on a factual level, but it is very difficult for me to have casual conversations and I have often been told that I seem unapproachable (although I think that has already become better).
Can I become a social worker like this?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth club, but rather in addiction counseling or family help, for example.
But I don't know if the concrete working day is really as I imagine it, and it is difficult to find something about it on the Internet.
The ÄVPS already leads to problems in my job (for me, emotionally), because it pulls me down every time there is something to complain about my code ("again the simplest things pooped") and it is difficult for me to ask more experienced colleagues for help ("I should really know how to do that myself by now"/"I keep him from work with my stupid questions"/"he really has to consider me to be under-resourced" etc.).
I will probably have the problems in any profession but I wanted to mention it at this point.
But you have already received the sofa back?
Because there was no confirmation of this.
I'm waiting for a pick-up appointment
What do they mean by giving back please!
When I download a book to the #PRS_ORG#, the message comes your #PRS_ORG# does not authorize this book
are there any problems?
I was in the chat with #PRS_ORG#, who asked me if I had received a delivery confirmation for my closet.
The bird breaks down the protein ingested with the feed in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) and in turn builds up its own proteins from these, which it also needs to form plumage.
The formation of plumage in the nestling and the formation of new plumage in the molting bird are extremely complex processes and associated with a particularly high stress for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, otherwise there may be disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this curative administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be returned.
The bird breaks down the protein ingested with the feed in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) and in turn builds up its own proteins from these, which it also needs to form plumage.
The formation of plumage in the nestling and the formation of new plumage in the molting bird are extremely complex processes and associated with a particularly high stress for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, otherwise there may be disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this curative administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be returned.
1 g NEKTON-Bio on 250 ml of water or 100 g of soft food.
It is recommended to prepare only as much drinking water / soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change water / food daily.
One level measuring spoon (lying) corresponds to 1 g of NEKTON-Bio.
In the case of severe plumage damage, the double or triple dose of NEKTON-Bio can be given at the beginning until the beginning of the new plumage formation is visible.
After that, the normal dose is passed until the plumage formation is fully completed.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry without sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Please excuse me, but the chair is sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months?
The warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
This is really very bad service.
Hi, I sent an email on Monday to let me know that my order arrived damaged and pictures were attached.
Did you receive this email?
Statement of a municipal employee in contradiction to the statutes
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
So felling application submitted to the municipality.
An employee writes to me that the felling of fruit trees and thus also the walnut is not part of the statutes.
In the statutes, however, the walnut is explicitly stated as a tree to be protected.
Can I now rely on the employee's statement or not?
On the one hand, I have to be able to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statutes are clear.
Thank you for your answers
We understand that.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I haven't received a message
Well, then I still have a sofo without use.
Could you offer me a discount or a voucher?
What were more expensive?
yes, I think so, the only question is whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check that?
Breaking News: Serious traffic accident near Selb
Recently, a serious traffic accident occurred on the St 2179 between the Selb-Nord junction and Plößberg.
As the press alarm of the police currently announces (14:03 clock), a car has come while overtaking in the oncoming traffic.
There are injured.
Ah okay understand.
Well, then thank you again that it was so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
First of all, Merry Christmas to you!
My Christmas is unfortunately moderately good, because my dear head is currently thinking through everything that can be thought through.
Before I dig out here now.. in short: I need advice and preferably from people who somehow know my situation - that is, from you.
I'm currently doing the ref as a career changer.
Originally, I studied something else and also worked there in one area (to remain at least a little anonymous, I will not name anything more precise here).
But the whole thing was too boring for me and I looked for alternatives that could be more fun for me.
At some point I ended up in the teaching profession and was sure that it is - even if the framework conditions are much more inflexible than in my previous profession, but I didn't care.
I have now arrived at the third "I google other job postings".
And it's only been half a year.
The times before that, I always decided to keep going and at least finish the ref, after that I can still turn around.
But right now I'm absolutely done.
I've had so little free time the last month that I'm completely drained.
Now it's holidays, but there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref I always thought I was stress-resistant, but my weekend was also my weekend and my evening was my evening.
I had time off.
And the stress at work didn't matter in those moments.
Now even the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that annoy me even more.
Basically, it's fun and from the outside, the ref also runs well in terms of feedback and stuff.
But I'm completely drained and wonder how much stress my body can withstand before it completely shuts down – if it's not already doing so.
I wonder if I would like to have it that way for the rest of my working life - especially when I read some of your posts here - or if I should not go back to the old area, where I was valued, could take free time when I needed it, and found the work somehow boring, but was paid appropriately for it and worked together in a team and not as a lone fighter like this now. but most of the time is the case.
But then I wonder if in a year I won't have arrived at the same place as now and be dissatisfied.
You notice, it's all kind of confusing, but maybe you as an outsider have advice or ideas on how to get out of this situation, that I'm completely finished and start crying at the slightest thought of it.
I'm not going to make decisions so emotionally right now, that probably doesn't lead to anything good.
But maybe your views will help me to see at least a little light at the end of the tunnel - or to be able to enjoy Christmas, that's enough for me for now.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whiny undertone from me.
I hope my situation has become at least a little clear.
Since its introduction in 2001, VOX's Valvetronix series has continued to evolve, which has led, among other things, to the combination of advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly simulates the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X Amps, we introduce a brand new modeling engine that is absolutely state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to VET (Virtual Element Technology) technology, which is based on the analysis of components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers offer an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also contain the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamplifier.
This is partly based on real analog circuits, because they simply manage the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier better than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuit, the VTX amplifiers offer a closed housing and a bass reflex system from which the natural resonances bubble up.
With VOX's "Tone Room" software, you can even correct and bend historical facts on the virtual level until the amp and effects sound the way you've always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been refined several times since then to meet newly added sound requirements, which in 2010 again led to a performance boost of the VOX Valvetronix series - with more dynamics and more numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series has also been designed in such a way that all guitarists looking for a maximum variety of sounds will find what they are looking for here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: they expect a fat sound, a nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string stroke as well as a prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that the power amplifier in particular determines the tube character of an amplifier and developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology on the basis of this finding.
Equipped with a 12AX7 tube, the Valve Reactor circuit of each VT+ amplifier perfectly depicts the behavior, subtle nuances and sound character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Despite Wagner's 20 points: Magic lose at Clippers
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it is not enough to win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 at the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually placed and foldable Velcro dividers, it is tailored to the needs of your photographic equipment and is therefore suitable for any type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-frame SLR cameras.
Of course, what ultimately fits in the backpack depends on the size of the camera and the lenses.
A possible assembly would be a DSLR camera with a attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses and a clip-on flash.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models of the Sony a7 series or a Fuji X-T2 leave room for more lenses.
In addition, you can still store a lot of accessories.
And if you have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E series), you can use the backpack for your equipment and for things that are not photo-like.
Drone pilots also make an optimal choice with the Everyday Backpack 20L, because the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably longest in history
In the almost three months since the beginning of the eruption, the lava flows on the Canary Island have caused great damage.
Is there an end in sight?
With a duration of 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma since Sunday is the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary Island.
Until now, the eruption of the volcano Tehuya in 1585 with 84 days was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
No reliable data are available on previous outbreaks.
The activity of the still nameless volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has decreased somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists still did not dare to predict when it could end.
The indicators point to a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," the president of the island council, Mariano Hernández Zapata, told the state TV channel RTVE.
Losses in the millions
In the nearly three months since the eruption began, the more than 1,000-degree-hot lava has destroyed nearly 2900 homes and other structures, RTVE reported.
Almost 1200 hectares were covered by a metre-thick layer of lava.
This corresponds to almost 1700 football fields.
More than 7000 residents had to be evacuated, the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Off the coast, cooled lava created two new headlands with a combined size of about 50 hectares.
Banana cultivation, which is immensely important for the island, was particularly hard hit, from which about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly and which was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, other areas were severely affected, wrote the newspaper "El País".
Christmas and the gifts
Christmas is just around the corner and especially the children will hardly be able to wait for the heavenly feast.
The many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree combined with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling tension have something seductive about them.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still holds our increasingly divided society together.
This makes it all the more important to become aware of the Christmas tradition of giving, so that the gesture of giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss was a peace-making "social contract of primitive peoples", escapes the rigid routine and can be filled with life again in the context of this tradition.
How Nicholas became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who closely linked the Christmas days with the gift-giving.
Previously, gifts were presented to each other in one way or another on St. Nicholas' Day.
The background to this still popular custom is that Saint Nicholas, as bishop of Myra, secretly threw gold into three women's window one night in order to spare them another life in sin.
This unconventional way of giving gave rise to the custom, which is popular in Germany, of filling the boots with gifts, especially for children.
Protestants opposed this custom because they reject mediators between God and man as "worship of saints."
For these reasons, they guard against the institution.
Martin Luther turned St. Nicholas into the Christ Child and thus established a new line of tradition.
The focus of the gift was thus shifted to Christmas Eve.
However, since most Protestants no longer see such detailed questions so narrowly, it annoys only a few that the custom of St. Nicholas, similar to the St. Martin's custom with St. Martin's singing and St. Martin's procession, is still an integral part of the pre-Christmas season.
Today you will find everything your heart desires in boots outside the door and under the Christmas tree, from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources attest to a tradition of giving since the 13th century on the day of St. Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of giving was postponed to Christmas Eve.
In all Christian countries, however, there is a cheerful muddle about the question of who brings the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the respective region whether the Christ Child appears on Christmas Eve or Santa Claus, who is basically a kind of St. Nicholas, who has been assigned some peculiarities over time.
These include, for example, his white beard, which has little in common with the rather strict Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sleigh pulled by reindeer and the preference for the fireplace to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain, the Magi give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the Child Jesus.
In Scandinavia, mythical creatures sometimes bring the gifts, while in Russia Father Frost brought it to some fame.
Here it is not reindeer, but three horses that pull his sleigh as a troika.
In the Czech Republic, the motherland of the Reformation in the course of the Hussite Wars, the Christ Child is responsible for handing over the gifts.
I have been receiving this error message for 3 weeks when trying to download a new book, but my account details and contact details are up-to-date:
Ask for troubleshooting help as I
otherwise buy another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
I requested a return label for my order #NUMBER# last week and this morning.
I was told that one would be sent to me.
Since I haven't received one yet (not in the SPAM folder either), I wanted to ask how long this usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near the Royal Palace
Near Kensington Palace in London, an armed man was shot dead by police on Saturday.
Police said callers had reported a man who allegedly went into a bank and a bookmaker's shop with a gun.
The man fled, according to the authorities, in a vehicle, which could be stopped a little later by officials.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
Several embassies are located in the area around Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
which ones?
No matter where I click, I will be immediately redirected to your page.
The decorative lamp blends harmoniously into any bed, garden area or rock garden.
The luminaire is easily set up and can be anchored in the ground with 2 earth spikes.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar module for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Burn time max. 10 hours
- The robust plastic version can be used outdoors all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow in color inside.
»Smart Stone«, on the other hand, is completely harmless: the sun alone ensures that this solar luminaire shines fascinatingly – either in white or coloured light (in six different shades).
The edgeless, amorphous design is deliberately chosen: this modern light object presents itself like a naturally shaped large pebble during the day.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment – whether at the edge of the terrace, in the lawn or in the stone bed.
It also does well in the vicinity of larger pebbles and boulders, where it knows how to assert itself thanks to its size.
You can save yourself a lot of preparatory work: As a solar luminaire, »Smart Stone« requires neither a supply cable nor batteries.
Place the »light stone« in any place illuminated by the sun during the day.
Two supplied earth spikes ensure a firm hold if required.
The matt white plastic cover itself is robust and weatherproof.
Its solar module discreetly hides »Smart Stone« inside, together with its battery and two LEDs – one for white light, the other for colored light.
The battery already charges when sunlight falls on the housing.
When dusk falls, »Smart Stone« begins to glow automatically; in which color, you decide for yourself: Six attractive light colors are available to you – in addition to daylight white.
Finally, the shutdown takes place automatically as soon as the battery charge level has fallen to a given minimum or it becomes bright again.
As soon as the sun shines again, the charging cycle starts all over again the next day.
I've done this several times before it doesn't work.
Too bad, I would have liked to continue ordering from you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, then I will not order more as a matter of principle.
If you change your mind, please let me know.
Otherwise, this was the last contact today.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
In lockdown, no hardware store is open anyway...
The engine control of the LokSound 5 has once again been fundamentally improved.
A variably adjustable PWM clock frequency from 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super-quiet operation, especially for bell armature motors – the typical "humming" is a thing of the past.
The load control can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function allows the decoder to be automatically measured against the engine.
With up to 1.5A motor current, the LokSound 5 decoder provides enough juice even for older engines.
- please use the Ebay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are summarized correctly.
- You will receive an e-mail with the parcel number for shipment tracking.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT from the specialist dealer for each purchase of new goods.
- we usually process your order or request within 24 hours on working days.
Pill problem
Hello dear women,
I hope I'm doing everything right here, is actually my first post after a year of reddit.
To my problem: I started taking the pill again about five years ago, mainly because I had such incredibly bad pain during my period and shit PMS before my period.
Now I would like to let it stay again, because I have to take enough medication due to chronic diseases that I can not choose.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain, but my skin.
I had gotten explosive pimples during my last two-year break from 0 to 100 and these everywhere.
So far so superficial, but it burdened me quite a bit and I didn't feel comfortable.
In the two-year break, the whole thing has never really returned to normal.
Maybe someone has any tips to avoid that this time.
My cosmetics are already perfume-free and without gedöns, but maybe there is what someone can recommend to me.
Unfortunately, gynecologist did not take me so seriously and dermatologist appointment is still coming.
Many thanks to everyone who has read the novel!
Yes, the dear skin is such a thing.
Had a lot of bad neurodermatitis, then a period of rest, then large-scale nodule lichen and the acne topic.
I also diet in the course of chr. Illness tried everything possible and got stuck on sugar, milk and low-meat mixed food, because nothing else worked really well.
It can also be good that hormonally simply the worm is in it, but if you have like me everywhere construction site you just don't want to go looking for what else is wrong.
I already had everything of her colleague semina or similar.
Written and now I have lost the conversation and do not know what was answered to my request.
I always have to work and answer the phone in between and suddenly everything was gone...
what is there to check, if the money was there, I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but does it generally exist in large sizes
since it is available in black large
The Zappiti 4K HDR Series – The Best Movie Experience Ever!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for best image quality, excellent performance and best possible usability.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you convenient and intuitive access to your entire movie library in stunning 4K high-definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti players are successfully used all over the world to enhance the movie experience, both in the home and in commercial environments.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the most advanced 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video file formats, full BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with one billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and has a wide, solid housing, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p,  Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best possible home theater experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing provides outstanding image quality – far better than previous generations – with improved dynamics, precise color reproduction, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or front projector, you will be amazed by the image quality of your display!
3D also offers better image depth and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote control.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included).
Network playback: Special network optimization that guarantees better performance when playing over the local network thanks to the SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100, regardless of the type of media.
Universal RC: Seamless integration with smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much as I've been waiting for it since September.
Now nothing works.
My account is apparently locked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that use the above products according to the manufacturer or user manual.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist dealer in toner production
All listed company and brand names as well as all mentioned type designations are the property of the respective legal manufacturers and rights holders.
Their mention serves only as an orientation and the identification of the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
Which vouchers???
I had not received my voucher credited with the last order!
In the name of the people: lay people make judgments with
In the courtroom, they sit on the bench in everyday clothes.
But much depends on their verdict, even if they do not wear a robe: aldermen determine with professional judges whether and for how long someone goes behind bars.
Two of them report in conversation with the "Oeffentlichen" from their time at the Bad Kreuznach District Court: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the district court on John-F.-Kennedy-Straße.
Hello, unfortunately I can't get into the customer account.
Could you please send me the invoice from the order number #NUMBER# again to the e-mail address given above?
Can we dispose of the material of the packaging?
We have no way to keep them for so long.
We would use the table as offered by them as if it were our
gladly,had already ordered in nov.the same armchair in blue and also got.would therefore because they are so beautiful now one in gray
Does the cabinet have to be completely dismantled for collection and refund?
and when would be the pick-up?
110 kV underground cable to be newly built in 2022
The approval for the laying of the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally binding.
The planning approval decision of the government of Lower Bavaria clears the way for construction, which is to begin in 2022.
This has now been announced by the network operator Bayernwerk.
The approximately seven-kilometre-long underground cable will connect the Tann substation in the north of the municipality and the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable will be connected to a mast of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning
my order from 03.01.21 with the order number #NUMBER# has so far only arrived in parts with us.
The blue bet number:#PRS_ORG# with the tracking number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the note "Delivery not possible".
All three other packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me what the next step is?
Have a nice start to the week!
You can forget that, I explained that several times yesterday!!
This is a chest of drawers made of glass and the entire sides are burst, so there is glass everywhere and the box is broken
The chest of drawers is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to come to the apartment because of the #PRS_ORG# regulations
This means that the chest of drawers cannot be picked up because no one is allowed into my apartment
Thanks for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it is with all books, so yes the request at #PRS_ORG#, since it is probably a general problem
Ref: Plan lessons (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I've been in the ref since the summer, I enjoy teaching, but I still have big problems planning my lessons in geography in a time-efficient way.
Unfortunately, my school is not technically well equipped, so in principle I can only use the blackboard, the textbook and an OHP as a medium.
At school, I can only copy b/w for free (which is annoying for geography).
I just need a very long time to plan my hours at the moment.
For example, we are currently working on the topic of geofactors and for me every hour stands on its own.
In principle, the methods are always repeated, but on the other hand I don't want to invest too much time for simple lessons (I also need them for UBs etc.).
When planning, I always start from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build it up (usually I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school does not have).
We have the book Terra and I am rather dissatisfied with most of the tasks in the book.
Hence the worksheets.
Maybe a geography teacher can help me how to work with the book in a time-efficient way.
Would be really happy.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I have actually already decided on a new one at #PRS_ORG#, but I would like to process the return as soon as possible.
The trade fears because of the 2G regulation around the Christmas business.
In most shops, only those who are vaccinated or recovered are allowed.
Retailers consider this unnecessary and complain about slumps in sales.
He also has a possible solution ready.
From the point of view of the German Trade Association (HDE), the 2G regulations spoil the important Christmas business for retailers.
In the case of transactions with articles of non-daily use, sales slumps are to be lamented, criticized HDE Managing Director Stefan Genth.
According to a recent HDE survey of 1100 retailers, more than 70 percent of companies viewed the remaining days of the year negatively.
Many have already written off the Christmas business.
"What was supposed to be the positive highlight of the year is now often a hole without a bottom," Genth said.
Retailers with 2G access restrictions lost almost a third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
Things are only going well in the food retail trade and in the online sector.
The association demanded consequences from the dramatic development.
The purchase with mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the chief executive.
"2G in shopping will not help us in the fight against the pandemic," he stressed.
The current regulations deterred customers and required a high level of personnel deployment.
The ribbon regulation must be approved nationwide, he demanded.
According to this, each customer only had to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would have access to all shops with the wristband received on that day.
In addition, in the retail trade - as already in public transport with the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested) - random checks should be sufficient.
The real estate group Deutsche Euroshop, which specializes in shopping centers, also spoke of a difficult Christmas business.
The frequencies without 2G were last at a good 75 percent of the pre-corona level, the revenues at about 90 percent.
These figures will now certainly fall in the middle of the so important Christmas business," said CEO Wilhelm Wellner of the "Wirtschaftswoche".
Due to the high personnel and administrative effort, attempts are being made for the centers to find solutions and get them approved.
This includes the so-called ribbon solution, in which "visitors can, for example, provide their 2G proof at a central point in the center and then - equipped with a bracelet similar to a club hotel - enter all shops undisturbed". Dpa
I recently ordered the #PRS_ORG# and got it delivered.
The mirror has a scratch and there is also a defect on the frame, which was tried to be concealed with a yellow filler.
That looks ugly.
I would like to return the mirror and have already packed it back into the package and glued it shut.
How do I have to proceed for the return now?
The lamp is designed for dual balance, based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high performance and high color rendering.
A modern microprocessor with extraordinary possibilities ensures the adjustment of the color temperature and brightness of the lamp.
In addition to adjusting the brightness, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to manually set and save the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K.
Use the current settings in the flash memory.
A special feature of the controller, it is simple and intuitive to use.
The luminaire produces a very luminous flux with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The beam angle of 120 degrees, which allows you to illuminate large areas at a relatively small distance, is excellent.
By the way, also in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness practically without changing the color temperature.
It's a great tool for working both on the film set or in the studio.
The optional DMX512 controller allows remote control of the luminaire in TV studios or when the luminaire is mounted in hard-to-reach places.
At the back of the luminaire is the control panel, it consists of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
Furthermore, there is the slot for the NP-F batteries (not included)
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To make the settings of the individual settings on the memory slots, simply press one of the memory buttons for a long time and you're done.
The memory controller saves the current state of the lamp when it is switched off, so that when the known situation is switched on again - Very practical in studio work when e.g. the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with battery one of the greatest strengths of the DL3120 functionality results from the possibility of operating with cheap NP-F batteries.
These are often already in the possession of photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can fall back on existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check before the set whether the batteries have enough power - there is a battery tester built in - for each of the two battery compartments a value in the two display displays (the left battery top display, the right on the lower display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply the headlight with power via the supplied power supply.
The construction of the headlight is very simple.
You have a 16mm sleeve as a connection for attachment, so you can directly to your photo tripod.
The inclination must be reliably adjusted by means of locks on both sides.
It was ensured that the mechanical components are also extremely high-quality and are therefore also designed for durability and hard use.
In addition, a tilt joint is included in the scope of delivery.
It is great that a bag is also included in the scope of delivery.
So you can safely transport or store the lamp with all the accessories you might want to buy without any problems.
Too bad, I got it as a gift and it is too small :(
"Party we wanted to throw": Frankfurt celebrates after a goal-rich comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, Hesse, who had been winless twice in a row, were supposedly on their way to the next Bundesliga bankruptcy.
But then the SGE turned up, shot within a good hour the frustration over a mixed start to the season from the soul and won furiously with 5:2. "It's madness what the boys have achieved today," cheered coach Oliver Glasner on DAZN and pronounced a "blanket praise, to every single one who was there".
At the beginning, it looked like another dampener for the Frankfurters, who are now still in ninth place behind their expectations.
Patrik Schick had brought the Leverkusen with 2:0 in the lead.
What happened then also impressed the SGE trainer.
"How the players came back and showed a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I'm incredibly happy with the performance we showed and of course with the result.
Defender Christopher Lenz, who was able to stand on the pitch for the first time since the fourth matchday and his overcome muscle injury, also emphasized the morale of his teammates.
"I think our mentality is incredibly big," said the 27-year-old and was happy with a look at the result, especially for the spectators.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
For the upcoming tasks, however, Glasner now wants to keep the focus with him, but also sees himself well positioned with regard to the personnel situation.
It is extraordinary that we have all the players fit in December, that all players are physically in top shape.
It's top work in our medical department, but the players are also highly professional.
Now they want to "go further step by step and remain modest" and "carry out the tasks at this level" until the turn of the year.
Next up is an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach (6.30 p.m., Sky) on Wednesday as part of the English week.
Right now I get the mail that my package comes back to you due to an error on my part.
I tried to call #PRS_ORG# and have it redirected, no chance.
Can it be shipped directly to me again or do I have to wait until the money is transferred back and place the order again?
Would then unfortunately mean for me that I will not order again because it has already taken a very long time.
Have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Damper for women's handball before quarter-final against Spain
Germany's handball women crept off the floor after the humiliation against Denmark with hanging heads and empty eyes.
At the end of the World Cup main round, the DHB selection conceded a bitter defeat at 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and now has to face host Spain in the quarterfinals.
"We were far too anxious and had too much respect for the opponent," said national coach Henk Groener.
Against Spain we have to act differently.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round Group III with 8:2 points in second place behind the Danes (10:0).
It's a pity that we couldn't take the flow with us.
That was a bad game from everyone, which we have to delete," said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight for the entry into the semi-finals, a significant increase against the World Cup runner-up of 2019 next Tuesday is needed to keep the tender dream of the first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German thrower in the duel with the three-time Olympic champion Denmark was backroom player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
"We just weren't there - neither in attack nor in defence," admitted backroom player Xenia Smits and demanded: "We have to look forward quickly now".
From front to back not at the height
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not up to speed with the kick-off.
Missed throws and technical errors in the attack and gaps in the defense were responsible for a quick 0:4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately at operating temperature and prevented worse with some parades.
The DHB team scored the first goal after 9:30 minutes when Grijseels successfully completed a quick counter-attack.
However, this was not the hoped-for initial spark.
Against the aggressive cover of the Danes, the German women could hardly put themselves in the limelight - and if they did, they mostly failed because of the strong Althea Reinhardt in the goal of the Scandinavians.
So the game was at 3:10 after 20 minutes early, especially since backroom player Mia Zschocke saw a little later because of a hard foul on her opponent also red.
In the quarter-finals, however, she is allowed to participate again.
Only in the final phase of the first half did the DHB selection come into the game a little better and by the break at least five goals.
The already only faint hope of catching up after the change was already after seven minutes at 9:19 gone.
Again, the Groener protégés sinned in all areas and made it easy for the well-placed opponent, who is one of the medal candidates in the final round.
As a result, the German team could no longer bring itself to an increase in performance and left the floor as a clear loser.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family Traditions during the Christmas Season
As part of the Reddit Advent calendar, we got hold of St. Nicholas Day and take this as an opportunity to dedicate ourselves to family traditions in the run-up to Christmas, Advent, St. Nicholas, Christmas Eve and the Christmas holidays.
What was it like back then in your home?
Like your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is most beautiful for the children?
Cleaning your boots?
Baking cookies?
Tree decoration?
Is there music?
Is Santa Claus, the Christ Child coming or is the gift from grandma and grandpa?
No matter how you do it, everyone goes out of their way to have it as nice as possible as a family around Christmas.
Whether these are fixed traditions, or even something different every year, tell us how it went or works in your family!
please send me any transaction number. or anything else that could help
Transfer confirmation... etc
I would like to give a voucher code
as with #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers
Is that possible with them?
The title dictates, I work as a vaccination doctor in mobile vaccination teams, in which (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is vaccinated, especially in nursing homes.
Since these will soon be finished to a large extent, some of them will continue for me in vaccination centers afterwards.
I am happy to answer questions without time limit on the organizational and human aspects and also medical questions, as long as they are not related to you personally (e.g. "I take drug X, is compatible with the vaccination..").
My area of responsibility includes the information for the vaccination, the indication (person is entitled to a vaccination according to corona vaccine order and no reasons against it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, the emergency care for allergic reactions (never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, e.g. medical assistants.
In vaccination teams, however, we often do not have any, but "only" (for God's sake no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for vaccine preparation, but they can not (may?) carry out vaccinations, so that I also carry out most of the vaccinations there myself.
Difficult "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the solution
What is a "Huidlerer"?
With this dialect word, sent in by an Amberger, the BR television program "Wir in Bayern" (We in Bavaria) has caused a lot of thought.
But unlike many previous days, the term in the series "Host mi?" remained unrated by callers this time.
No, it wasn't a "person who's nervous."
And also not one "for whom everything has to go quickly".
That, people heard from the TV presenter, was completely wrong.
Whereupon the man from Amberg announced the solution and thus probably also caused astonishment among many Upper Palatinates.
"The Huidlerer," the audience learned, "is a rag with which someone wipes out the stove."
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, interviewed by Bavarian Television for years as an expert, confirmed this.
With the remark that this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, somehow derived from the rather well-known dialect word "Houdern".
Which closed an educational gap - probably also for many who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I have not been able to buy books for 2 weeks.
The following error message always appears after confirmation: oops - someting went wrong - try again later.
I restarted the #PRS_ORG# gel#PRS_ORG#n, connected to the PC, synced and repaired.
Nothing helped.
Tyre choice for road bikes - really so puncture proof?
This morning I woke up full of energy, because I wanted to train at least a little in preparation for my bike tour in the coming week.
Said and done and I started with my road bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then what lurks in every city center (this time: Thank you Krefeld!) happened.
Glass splinters on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tire didn't want to do the rest of the track under any circumstances.
Since I had no real opportunity to get a replacement coat and hose due to the day of the week, I had to turn around again in a halfway bad mood and take the first train home.
It wasn't quite as bad in terms of mood, maybe it's better if I practice the tire change again before the bike tour.
But now I am faced with a question and hope that you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long distance over several days ahead of me, I would be extremely reluctant to get this problem more often.
Now it was really not bad, because also the old tires from the previous owner (very nice old man, has torn off the day I picked up the bike until 2 pm 120km!) and who had already described them as suboptimal, because he has ridden with them for several years on roll.
But when I think about the fact that I still have to change tyres after 80-90kms, then I think I'm in a really bad mood :D
Now I got into conversation with an older man at the platform, who asked me in amazement why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tires; these are supposed to be unplattable.
Now, of course, the whole thing sounds very tempting.
But are they really so indestructible?
I don't feel like spending 40€/tyre now, only to be disappointed.
Furthermore, I ask myself: I have at the moment on the road bike I think 25x622.
They are also available (apparently?) in the Marathon Plus tires, but the majority is already wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you generally advise me to use different tires for a road bike?
The Schwalbe side seems to me absolute! Layman's knowledge rather to recommend the Durano DD?
Thanks in advance for the help and best regards!
Car hurled against tree: Driver fatally injured
The 53-Year-old had crashed on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten with his car for unexplained cause against a central island and then on the opposite lane, as the police announced.
There it came to a head-on collision with the vehicle of a 27-Year-old.
The car of the 53-Year-old was then thrown against a tree and the man trapped in the car.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the accident and taken to nearby hospitals.
yes we have deleted all books everything bneu authorized and loaded new books
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free of harmful metals.
The group of companies strives to use formulations without regulated or questionable ingredients without influencing the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging are made of recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please recycle only empty containers.
Bring containers with leftovers to the problem waste site.
Labelling: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the current status of the labelling regulations.
The classification, classification, award is carried out according to GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EC in the current valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EC, Article 31 and Annex II, in the currently valid form.
With many DUPLI-COLOR spray paints, spray protection and break-proof cap prevent unauthorized use.
Follow the appropriate instructions on the cap or label.
Always read and observe the respectable texts carefully before using them!
Will I receive a confirmation by e-mail?
I have already been assured of this 3 times by your colleagues... how reliable is your information?
When will the forwarding company contact me?
I have already written, did you not receive my sms?
After the release of our new high-end wideband B 100-6 OHM, it was only a matter of time before our SOLO series would again have offspring.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offspring and is visually reminiscent of the great models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, a suitably designed foot is directly included in this construction proposal to raise the speaker to the correct listening position.
This has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adjusted in length according to the conditions at home.
In principle, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people for whom the maximum volume plays a rather subordinate role, but sonically an exceptionally high level is to be achieved.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not able to produce such large sound pressure levels almost unfiltered.
However, this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, she appears remarkably mature and extremely impressive and accurate for her size.
Tonally, the SOLO 15 was tuned with a slight treble increase.
This is common practice for widebands in order to optimize the excessively high frequencies of strongly increasing bundling.
The SOLO 15 convinces with very clear and fine sound.
Slightly turned outwards, the treble range can be reduced and thus the sound image can be made warmer.
Thanks to the point sound source, the location of the individual components of a piece of music in the optimal stereo triangle is razor-sharp and amazingly precise.
The referenced extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM ensure a fine dynamic that is second to none.
The SOLO 15 not only complements our SOLO series, but also expands it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
As with all our kits, it is advisable to think about the final optics of the loudspeaker at the beginning in order to plan for appropriate changes in the construction.
If, for example, you want to veneer the housings, the lowering of the loudspeaker must be adjusted accordingly, as the veneer applies material again.
After all plates have been cut (e.g. in the hardware store), you should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base plate at the appropriate point in order to be able to carry out the cable there later without any problems.
With the help of a router, the loudspeaker opening in the front now follows, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can later be used flush.
On the back, this opening should be provided with a 45° chamfer to make the opening area of the speaker chassis inside as large as possible.
The four screw connection points of the B 100 - 6 OHM get an interruption in the chamfer, as shown in the picture "Detail Fase".
Then you start with the actual construction of the box and place one of the two side walls on a flat surface in front of you.
The back wall, the lid, the front and the floor are now glued onto them.
The three stiffeners should also be inserted and glued.
The stiffeners themselves can vary in material thickness if required, e.g. if you want to use finished strips from the HARDWARE store instead of producing them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
In the next step, the second page is attached.
This is followed by all the plates of the foot, i.e. the two sides, as well as the front.
By means of a suitable hole circular saw or a Forstner drill, the attachment of the openings of the bass reflex tube, as well as the connection terminal on the rear wall is facilitated.
A round cutter is then used to round off all the edges of the actual box.
The top of the foot plate can also be rounded off.
Subsequently, the base plate is firmly glued to the base of the housing and additionally screwed on with long wooden screws.
This is followed by the marking and pre-drilling (2.5 mm drill) of the screw connection points of the loudspeaker chassis and the connection terminal.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (suction / blown out), you start laying the cable.
The easiest way to do this is through the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the back wall.
The entire and unabridged cable is pushed piece by piece through the 8 mm hole into the foot to the terminal opening and lets it protrude there for about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the housing, the cable is led to the speaker opening and let it hang out there as well.
Subsequently, the crossover is prepared and inserted.
The construction plan of the crossover, as well as the corresponding connection plan can be found in the following document: Assembly instructions Switch Solo 15.
If the crossover is installed and the connection terminal is screwed, the seal follows the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely closed.
Through the 35 mm bASSREFLEX opening and with a little skill, you can drop hot glue on the opening and close it.
By opening the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp you can check the seal accordingly.
Now follows the damping according to the description.
The B 100 - 6 OHM is then connected and screwed in place with the appropriate screws.
The polarity plays an important role here, so that the plus line (marked cable) must be soldered to the positive pole of the loudspeaker (greater contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and plugged in.
For damping, a mat of the damping material is cut into two parts and loosely distributed in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex channel should be kept clear.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered at the beginning of June?
> Hello everyone,
> finally we can announce that we are hosting the OSCAST again this year!
> For known reasons, it is unfortunately not possible for us to get more than four people into the studio, which has meant a higher planning effort and explains the short-term nature of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people by switch, so we will follow the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We do our best to avoid delay or other problems.
But hey, it's still a pandemic – but we'll do everything we can to make the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
> It will start at about 0:30.
Chill out for drinks, plan good food and get ready for a long but very interesting night.
The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee corresponds to 40% of the value of the goods....
I'm a #PRS_ORG# major customer so it's not a problem for me.
All I need is a number or instructions on what to include in the package so that it can be tracked by you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago... for 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
To be honest, I find this very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and re-order for the better price or is there another way of crediting?
In principle, I also think that children should not be expected to take on a parental role for their younger siblings.
However, I think it is also good for big siblings to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Sometimes to watch, sometimes to help, sometimes to bring the bottle, etc.
In this way, they learn responsibility, help in the family and are involved.
As long as they can still be child enough themselves, I don't see a problem.
If your K1 is alone for the short time and it's OK for him, that's good.
You are the best judge of whether this is right for your children.
It's not like he's supposed to wrap K2 and watch him fall asleep for hours.
From a purely legal point of view, it is probably questionable.
Perhaps this is the reason for the psychologist's statement.
Because if something were to happen like a fire, break-in, earthquake, alien invasion, etc., it would actually be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether that's a risk you want to take is of course up to you;)
Please help me find the title of a book!
I remember reading a crime / thriller a few years ago and I can still remember almost the entire plot, but the title doesn't want to come to mind anymore, maybe someone here knows...
The story was about fear and treating it.
At the beginning of the story, a zookeeper commits suicide by showering himself with food and going into the enclosure of his big cats.
The case is taken over by a commissioner who, after a short investigation, gets to his therapist, who runs a clinic where he treats anxiety patients.
The commissioner has a little niece who also has a fear (of fire) and ends up with this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who, before each suicide, is asked anonymously to go to the place of the suicide and document it and post the photos on the internet.
In any case, it turns out that this therapist runs a kind of underground therapy group where patients are implanted with a chip that suppresses a fear center in the brain, forcing them to confront their fears in the most extreme way.
(one woman jumps out of a window, another drives herself to death on purpose)
This facing of fear is referred to in the book as "the fight."
At the end, there's a big showdown at the clinic that had to do with a fire.
That's the rough plot, I'm pretty sure the book was originally written by a French author.
If anyone is familiar with this plot or can even tell me the title of the book, I would be very pleased.
Oh dear, I don't have the Wi-Fi password.
Have to contact my husband first.
But this can take time.
What steps do I have to take next?
Is it also possible to get the price difference refunded?
Child, 4 y.o., splinter under thumbnail
Child, four years old, has splinters of wood under the thumbnail (outside) over the entire length.
We tried to pull it out with tweezers.
Very difficult to grip.
It didn't work out and it hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No more chances.
I'm going to the doctor tomorrow.
All Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools are carefully checked, tested and subject to the strict controls of Bosch quality assurance.
Bosch therefore offers a guarantee for Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools.
The warranty claims of the buyer from the purchase contract with the seller as well as legal rights are not limited by this guarantee.
We guarantee these tools according to the following conditions:
We provide a warranty in accordance with the following regulations (Nos. 2 - 7) by repairing free of charge the defects in the tool that are demonstrably due to a material or manufacturing defect within the warranty period.
The warranty period is 24 months, for commercial or professional use or equivalent use 12 months.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the first end user.
The date on the original proof of purchase is decisive.
For all commercial blue power tools and measuring tools purchased from 01.09.2004 (with the exception of high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers and pneumatic tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks of the date of purchase.
Battery packs and chargers as well as supplied accessories are excluded from this warranty extension.
Registration can only be done online at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
The confirmation is the registration document, which must be printed immediately, as well as the original proof of purchase, which shows the date of purchase.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data to be entered there.
Excluded from the warranty are: parts that are subject to wear and tear due to use or other natural wear and tear, as well as defects in the tool that are due to use or other natural use, abnormal environmental conditions, improper operating conditions, overloading or lack of maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessories, supplements or spare parts that are not original Bosch parts.
Tools that have been modified or added to.
Slight deviations from the target condition, which are irrelevant for the value and usability of the tool.
The remedy for the defect recognized by us as being subject to the warranty is that we repair the defective tool free of charge or replace it with a flawless tool (possibly also a successor model) at our discretion.
Replaced tools or parts become our property.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Distance Selling Act, I have a right of withdrawal of 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
Through the combination of digital decoder and sound module on a circuit board, we achieve dimensions of only 30mm x15.5mm and can therefore be installed in almost any locomotive of the gauges H0 and 0.
LokSound 5 decoders are offered with all common interfaces and always come with an 11x15mm "sugar cube" loudspeaker and a sound capsule kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a true multi-protocol decoder.
It supports the DCC data format as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In the DCC format, 14 to 128 speed steps are as natural as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders register fully automatically with a suitable digital control centre.
It can handle all DCC programming modes and, thanks to RailCom®, the CV values can be read out on the main track with the appropriate control panels.
Auxiliary registers exist for control panels that can only program CVs from 1-255.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speed levels at 255 addresses.
Three additional Motorola® addresses allow the activation of 16 functions.
A built-in programming mode makes reprogramming possible even with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic login to mfx®-compatible control panels.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes the Märklin® brake lines as well as ZIMO® HLU brake commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
Braking with DCC brake modules or with direct current is also possible.
In addition, it also stops at a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC automatic shuttle train allows automatic commuting between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analog DC and AC lines.
After my voucher is no longer extended due to a complaint that did not reach me, I will return my order worth approx.
Remove #NUMBER#€ from my shopping cart and order elsewhere, where the customer friendliness is higher and I don't have to type my fingers sore to achieve absolutely nothing!!
What should I do with this number then??
Because of Omicron: Johnson wants to push booster vaccination
Ever new Omicron cases are worrying politics and science in Great Britain.
By New Year's Day, all eligible adults in England should therefore receive a vaccination offer.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to make even faster progress with the corona booster vaccinations than previously planned in view of rapidly increasing omicron numbers.
Every adult in England should have the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year, provided that at least three months have passed since the second vaccination, Johnson said on Sunday evening in a pre-recorded video message to his compatriots.
Until now, the target date was the end of January.
The British government will provide additional support to speed up vaccination campaigns in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
In the face of the omicron variant, we are facing an emergency, which is why it is urgent to strengthen vaccination protection, said Johnson.
The good news is that the level of protection can be increased again with a third dose of the vaccine.
"Get a boost now!" said Johnson.
On Sunday, 1,239 more Omicron cases were recorded in the UK, bringing the total to 3,137.
Compared to the previous day, this was an increase of a whopping 65 percent. dpa
will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price upon collection?
I'm in favour of everyone introducing themselves with pronouns
I sent off an application.
Today, the invitation to an interview arrived by email.
I want to reply to the email.
But unfortunately, the name is not "Peter," but a somewhat more complicated name.
I Googled him and depending on where he/she comes from culturally, it's either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how to write the email now.
Can someone please help me?
** I'm a foreigner and I don't want to step on the toes of any official.
Conclusion: everyone should introduce themselves with pronouns.
I have a total of 5 books.
4 of them are leaving.
Only the one I bought today doesn't work
Apparently, the chair had an unspecified defect when it was sold.
How else can such damage to the upholstery occur after 9 months?
First tried on the #PRS_ORG#.
But this has been working for some time.
14 days no longer.
So I always bought the latest books on the website and then read them on #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# but I wanted to buy 8.
However, there were no more.
Now they are available again and I want you to add 2 chairs to the order and charge me for it.
[CW] The feeling of not being able to help.
Content warning: I'm going to write about domestic violence in some detail here.
I just have to write something from the soul.
I (21) come into contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence more often for professional reasons.
A topic that really gnaws at me and unfortunately happens far too often is that many victims do not want to be helped or think we cannot help them.
I am well aware that we cannot do everything and that it is not perfect.
But there are few things in my profession that move me more than when I can do nothing about such situations.
I see the bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in a private conversation, with the perpetrator far out of sight and earshot, I can't reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the familiar social environment, fear of snatching the children from it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes even close to tears, is that everyone deserves to be able to live without violence.
I want all women to know that they don't just have to put up with violence.
I often wish I could help in any way... I know I can't.
But it never gets easier.
Please, always remember, you are worthy of living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
"Arcane" on Netflix: What is the series worth to "League of Legends"?
A lot of fantasy, a lot of complicated names, a breathtaking presentation: "Arcane," the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, has recently been launched on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced second season?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle for MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg at Merlins Crailsheim
At least they could rely on youngster Johannes Patrick.
Nothing again: For the second time in less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick had said with a look back at the cup defeat at the beginning of October at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim: "We still have some anger in our guts."
However, this did not subside after the game - but increased again in view of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the Basketball Bundesliga.
What was even more disappointing than the bare result was the manner of the performance.
Representative is a statistic that expresses the entire dilemma: The three-goal ratio was just 13 percent, 4 goals (all from the young Johannes Patrick) in no less than 31 attempts - any questions?
John Patrick provided the answer: "We were simply not focused enough after the victory in Tenerife, and did not implement what we had trained for."
Namely, to move the ball.
His opposite number Sebastian Gleim had a completely different reaction: "To win a great game for the second time against Ludwigsburg," said the happy coach.
"It felt like 10,000 people were there."
Only 750 visitors were admitted to the Hohenlohe Arena on Saturday, but they got their money's worth.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who scored 22 points and steered his team's game.
"The best playmaker I have ever coached," Gleim praised.
While on Patrick's team, even the high achievers like Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed across the board.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) did the Giants avoid a total debacle and still came up to eight points after they had already lost 39:59.
In addition to Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon also scored twelve points.
Fortunately, there is not much time for squabbling.
The giants will already welcome the Skyliners Frankfurt on Wednesday (7 p.m.), in front of a maximum of 750 spectators in Ludwigsburg.
We used to have a different email address, but I changed it.
Yes, I contacted them a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We have informed ourselves legally again and have therefore written to them again.
We originally contacted them six months ago.
Always like peeled from an egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He is able to inspire his audience with reinterpretations of hits from the 20s and 30s.
He is currently on tour with the programme "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" - if he is allowed to perform.
Max Raabe had actually wanted to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing comes of it.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - "on the instructions of the authorities" in order to contain the corona virus.
Other of his performances planned for the Advent season will also have to be cancelled, as stated on the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January, the artists want to make up for their dates that have already been postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on 12 December 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe enjoyed singing as a youngster.
He studied opera singing in Berlin, and in 1986 he founded the Palast Orchester together with fellow students.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of hits and chansons in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He has received many awards.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) reached - just like his successful album "Für Frauen ist das kein Problem" (2013) - second place in the charts.
He has made it from the niche to the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, his blond hair combed back tightly and mindful of etiquette, Max Raabe has become an integral part of the current German-speaking musical landscape.
He has been on tour with the programme "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" since 2020. dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It could be complemented with existing furniture and so we could check beforehand whether it matches the colour scheme.
It still doesn't work I can only long for the cover page but can't turn it.
Federal Minister of Construction Klara Geywitz: Expropriation does not create new housing
The new Federal Minister of Construction, Klara Geywitz (SPD), has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing corporations, as was demanded in a referendum in Berlin.
"Expropriation does not create a single new apartment, it only changes the ownership structure," said Geywitz in an interview with the "Tagesspiegel" (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants certainty that their rent will remain affordable in the coming years.
By the way, a colourful mix of, for example, private landlords, cooperatives or housing associations is the best protection against the formation of a monopoly.
In Berlin, the coalition of SPD, Greens and Left Party wants to set up a commission of experts on how to deal with the result of the referendum.
However, if the situation does not ease, Geywitz did not rule out talks, especially with the FDP in the Ampel coalition, about further tightening of tenancy law.
The coalition agreement provides for a rent brake until 2029, a limit on rent increases in tight housing markets and the extension of the rent level.
I will speak to the Justice Secretary to implement this as soon as possible.
If the rental market does not ease up despite this, "we will talk to the coalition partners about further steps," stressed the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and after a few days I noticed that I had forgotten the last step of the payment.
Unfortunately, the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be back in stock?
Or whether it will happen again at all?
#PRS_ORG# with storage (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Voucher sounds great
Then I redeem it myself with the new order
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long does the shipping itself take?
I've already cut my finger
This is an absolute outrage
At least 100 killed by tornadoes in Kentucky
A devastating storm system has brought numerous tornadoes across the United States.
In Kentucky alone, there could be more than 100 dead.
The images from there are reminiscent of a war zone.
In the night to Saturday, several tornadoes caused severe devastation in the USA and may have claimed up to a hundred lives.
The storms leave a swath of devastation about 200 miles (320 kilometers) long, especially in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor, Andy Beshear, said after a visit to the disaster area that everywhere the tornado had passed through, everything was gone.
Homes, businesses, government buildings - just gone.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It is hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He expects up to a hundred dead in the state of Kentucky alone, the official numbers are rising by the hour.
Hello, I just saw that the #NAME# showcase is sold out.
That is a great pity.
Is it still being produced?
Or has it been removed from the range altogether?
Is it possible to order this showcase in another country?
when will you be in touch?
If delivery can't be made to my home, I'll have to cancel the order!
I understand that, but can I order the blanket now and have it delivered to Germany, which is in the shopping cart?
I had returned an item via the contact form and wanted to check whether it had arrived or was being processed, as I had not yet received confirmation.
Companies pay vaccination premiums and change advertising slogans
While the federal government continues to reject proposals for a vaccination premium, companies in Austria have themselves taken the initiative and are offering their employees cash bonuses for vaccination.
In this way, they are in line with the social partners ÖGB and the Chamber of Commerce, which today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination appeals - based on the German model - is also intended to increase willingness to receive corona vaccinations.
He has moved to a company about which he has railed.
That doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and drink tea.
It's been a year.
He obviously didn't stick to his old job and was looking for something else.
You can do that, too.
And that he didn't like you back then: well, never mind.
He didn't like his job either.
There are too many variables.
Please record the cancellation.
That will then be legally relevant.
I take a screen shot.
Hello - I'm interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Is it also available in size 230cm?
In our online shop kitchenpoint.de, we carry all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories.
We always check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new Smeg coffee machine brings freshly ground coffee to your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matt colours in combination with the matt-brushed stainless steel front make the new Smeg coffee machine with milk frother a design object.
According to the reduced design, all functions such as grind and amount of water, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with only four buttons.
Thanks to the steam plant, coffee milk and milk foam specialities can also be prepared.
Help with first own campaign
Say hello to Boron!
I am currently leading the adventure Over the Greifenpass for a group of 4 friends and would like to lead my heroes seamlessly into a campaign written specifically for the players.
We play DSA 5.
The big picture is drawn, the villains and their motivations are written, the individual acts are thought out and now I'm in the process of writing the introductory adventure and I'm already tripping over my own feet at the first encounter.
The premise is that the heroes are to bring a wagonload of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near Lake Thuran.
This is where the further plot is to develop.
A few miles from the village, a group of goblins is said to be lying in wait for the hero and luring him into an ambush.
I want to give the player characters the opportunity to resolve the confrontation in different ways: convincing, acting, threatening, recognizing the danger at an early stage, whatever comes to the players' minds.
Party size: 8 ordinary goblins, 2 armed with spears, 6 with bows and sabers
If they do not notice, the goblins lie in wait for the heroes in a hollow path and flank the wagon, armed with three bows on the left and three on the right, while two stop the wagon with spears.
If there is a battle and the heroes are defeated, I have two solutions.
1. The heroes are all unconscious and are then found and healed by the village schoolmaster's son, a half-elf.
Of course, the cart is gone.
2. If defeat is inevitable, this half-elf intervenes with two of his servants and comes to the aid of the heroes in battle.
The cart is still there, everything is great.
How appropriate do you find the deus ex machina of solution 2?
Is the encounter too much as an introduction to the adventure?
The group of goblins will play a crucial role later on, so they are not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I didn't expect so many responses, especially not with so many great suggestions and tips.
I will definitely take many of your ideas to heart and now I have more confidence in my narratives.
I took the lamp apart again.
And put back together.
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work.
That's why I'd still like to send them back.
If you can send the return labels, I can pack the lamp and bring it to #PRS_ORG#.
Save shipping costs and time - and help the environment in the process!
If you need more than one item, please click on "Pay now" when you have all items in your shopping cart.
Thus, the combined return is automatically calculated and you get everything in one package.
By doing this, you save yourself the multiple purchase processing/payment and the environment is pleased, as no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel are consumed for the delivery of multiple packages.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule, we ship your shipment on the same working day if payment is received by 14:00.
In order for your package to reach you as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is also on your mailbox and your doorbell.
Would you like us to send your parcel to a packing station?
Then please choose DHL, because only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL packing stations.
We will send you an e-mail with the tracking number if you have selected DHL or DPD as the sender.
This means that you can check where your parcel is from around 22:00.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be pleased if you rated us positively and awarded all five stars in the detailed ratings.
If it should ever happen that not everything has gone to your complete satisfaction, we would be grateful if you would contact us before submitting a rating.
This is the only way we have a chance to do everything to make you happy.
We didn't do anything to the chair.
suddenly the crack was there
I just sat on it
Here, the lower part, i.e. the part with storage space, was damaged.
Will everything be picked up again or only the storage space?
I'm annoyed by Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the course of the season, the quality on the German Sky has decreased more and more, so I want to give myself a little breathing space with this post.
First of all, the transmission was interrupted today in the middle of the F2 race in order to start the F1 preview on time.
Admittedly, due to the delayed start and the start accident, the schedule was far behind schedule, but one could still have shown the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the championship decision (!).
However, it seems that for legal reasons, F1 has priority and therefore everything else has to be limited, so Sky DE probably had no choice here.
Still stupid, especially since Sky UK broadcast the end of the race.
Nevertheless, a small praise: the commentator Olivier Zwartyes has well accompanied the difficult situation around the serious accident.
Then, in F1, the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher were again ignorant of the rules, as neither of them knew that you are allowed to change tyres under a red flag.
Although this situation has already occurred at Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, the two only came to the conclusion that Verstappen should be allowed to change tyres when there were corresponding radio messages on the subject to Hamilton.
Both commentators on Sky UK and RTL knew immediately that Verstappen had this opportunity.
In my opinion, you should simply know such elementary rules when commentating on F1 for a pay-TV channel.
It is also not the first guessing what is now possible or prescribed according to the rules, both simply have constant uncertainties in the subject of rules.
In general, I don't like Roos' contrived commentary style, but I admit that it's a matter of taste.
But seriously, I even like Heiko Wasser from RTL better.
In addition, there is constant silliness, which makes both seem simply unprofessional, such as ordering coffee from the (equally clueless) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuHD" from Ralf Schumacher.
Especially the latter brings a lot of unrest into the commentary, which he apparently does not take seriously.
Last but not least, the advertising is simply taking over at Sky, in the elimination round Sky is the only broadcaster that goes into advertising, as you can listen to on F1TV, since only the German audio track has to do without commentary directly after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do that.
Also, these two channels do less advertising in the training sessions than Sky, and that as free TV channels.
Although one must praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, that alone does not make me overlook the disadvantages.
The rest of Sky Sport F1's programming is also very poor and full of repeats.
Overall, Sky is really the worst German-language broadcaster of F1.
Unironically, with the exception of advertising, RTL is doing a better job with the four races they are still allowed to broadcast.
In any case, the grandiose F1 season is much less fun than it would be possible with a reasonable broadcaster.
I would be interested in your opinion.
On this one: #PRS_ORG# pendant lamp, brass and multi-coloured glass x 1
Hello, I have an item that was supposed to be delivered last week and it still hasn't been delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and so far nothing.
The first lady told me it will be sent on Monday, the second lady told me yesterday she will check and send an email and she never responded.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on 12.12.19.
One of them already showed a defect after a relatively short time (the fabric has a hole in the front part of the chair).
I ask for support.
Fan pumps are ideal for supplying an aquarium with additional oxygen.
It is also possible to operate a filter system via air lifter.
We offer this series in 3 variants.
Look at the table at the end of the offer.
There you can see the services in comparison.
If the pumps are powerful enough, they can be used to operate entire plants.
If you have a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are suitable, so that you can connect several outlets.
The MK series has one, two or four outlets, but depending on the model, fan pumps are also suitable for setting an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with an air curtain (available in our shop) or with a decor that converts the air bubbles into a function.
Here a treasure chest, shell or similar would have to be mentioned.
The MK series has a special, soundproof construction, ensuring low operating noise.
Installation is very easy.
The fan pump is connected to an outlet tube or similar by means of a 4/6 mm air hose...and you're ready to go.
The fan pump should be equal to or higher than the water level and should be mounted outside.
If the fan pump sits lower than the water level, you should put a check valve in between.
Simply cut the air hose and place the valve in between.
This would prevent the water from flowing backwards once it leaves the basin and passes through the pump...
If the fan pump is to be installed outdoors, it should, like other air pumps, be covered and protected from moisture.
The MK series pumps are pure powerhouses that consume little energy
Even though we indicate the processing time here on ebay as 3 days, the packages are packed daily and the packages are also picked up here daily.
If everything goes well on the way, it goes very quickly.
We just want to take a little precaution so that no one is upset just because it once took a little longer.
It would be so, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in the forwarding industry...of course, corona does not stop here.
Please do not give a bad rating just because the delivery is delayed, this is solely due to the parcel services.
Of course, people like to complain about these services, even if we say at the moment...they are having a hard time
This also varies greatly from region to region.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that there will be better times again.
how long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrest?
Is it possible to order the legs in light here?
Amazon founder Bezo sends astronaut daughter and presenter into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers have taken a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by the "New Shepard" rocket system of the company Blue Origin of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Take-off and landing of the approximately ten-minute flight took place in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky, Bezos himself received the newly-crowned astronauts on their return.
"Welcome back," said Bezos, dressed in a blue spacesuit, as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
Amid applause from friends, family and Blue Origin employees, the six passengers gradually climbed out and hugged the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they travelled for ten minutes and 13 seconds, reaching an altitude of 107 kilometres.
The 74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of Alan Shepard (1923-1998), who flew into space as a NASA astronaut in 1961 and after whom Blue Origin's rocket system is named, and the 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were guests of honour of the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: aerospace engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not say how much they each paid for their ticket.
Laura Shepard Churchley recalled her father's mission after the short flight.
He had to work hard during his assignments and do everything himself.
She just flew along, said the 74-year-old with a laugh.
Michael Strahan was also enthusiastic.
He would like to return to space right away, said the presenter.
"New Shepard" flies up to a height of 100 kilometres
The "New Shepard" rocket system flies largely automatically.
The capsule, which was separated from the rocket during the flight, reached a height of around 100 kilometres above the earth, at times with weightlessness, before the reusable object landed again, slowed down by large parachutes.
The Fédération Aéronautique Internationale and many other experts consider 100 kilometres above the earth to be the boundary of space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was already Blue Origin's third manned space trip: On the first one in July, Amazon founder Bezos himself was on board, together with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second in October was attended by the 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, who became world famous with his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek," as well as the former Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, the entrepreneur Glen de Vries and the deputy head of Blue Origin, Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of pushing the space tourism business largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of mankind and without regard to the climate.
At the touch of a button, you can easily select whether your "Smart Stone" should permanently glow in one color or play through its entire color repertoire.
When set to change colour, the beacon retains one light colour for around one minute, before gently changing to the next decorative shade.
The solid construction of the "Smart Stone" luminaire proves itself outdoors all year round.
In a snowy environment, their light is even particularly good - only a shortened lighting time is to be expected as soon as the days get shorter.
In winter, just make sure that no snow affects the function of the solar module.
"Smart Stone" uses a NiMh battery in the standard Mignon ("AA") format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can obtain a suitable replacement battery via our webshop and thus extend the service life of your decorative lamp even further.
High-gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, in particular for the design of rims, wheel trims, paintable plastic parts with appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR is offering a wipeable and weatherproof chrome spray for the first time.
The optimal effect is achieved on a black background, e.g. by pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single can and in a set including Effect Primer and a duster for optimal preparation of the paint job.
For use on metal, wood, glass, paintable hard plastics, stone.
Perfect match:) Is there anything else I need to arrange?
All you need is the tracking number for my mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or has studied biochemistry
I'm currently in my first semester studying biochemistry and I actually find the subject itself quite exciting and I don't mind standing in the lab (I've already done the inorganic chemistry internship).
Of course, I also informed myself about career prospects before studying, but at the time I also thought that I definitely wanted to and would study until my doctorate.
At the moment, however, I am having doubts, and I am particularly worried about my job prospects.
On the one hand (Studycheck etc) you hear again and again about great career opportunities and that the profession is highly sought after, on the other hand you hear again and again about unemployed biologists and incredibly low-paid jobs.
So I would be really interested to know:
1) What are you currently working as?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What did you study/what training did you do?
4) Would you do it all again?
Thank you for your answers!
I'm really unsure at the moment and I'm thinking about possibly abandoning my studies in 2022 and training to be an IT specialist.
If you have any experience, please write to me:)
Extra stress before holidays & bank holiday weekends
This topic came up with me last week.
But now I had to use my long weekend to relax.
That's why I'm only posting about it now.
It is not only before big holidays, such as the Christmas holidays, that there is a lot of stress in our company.
As it seems, there are also before holidays plus bridge days.
It was like this: Last week was the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, which we in Switzerland call "Auffahrt."
On Friday, the vast majority of people and companies have a bridge day, which is therefore semi-official.
So last week we had a long 4-day weekend.
So what happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
Loads of emails that absolutely had to get out before the driveway, an order here, an order there, all *absolutely* before the long weekend.
Because... yes, because?
Because "next week" sounds like such a long time and it shouldn't be?
Or because people seriously want to do as much in a shortened week as in a normal one?
On Wednesday, I was not only stressed, but also very annoyed.
What's with this self-imposed holiday?
Why do we even have holidays if we can't treat ourselves to them?!
Mind you, the stress did not come from above, the colleagues were all in such a state of mind independently.
My question is simple: Is it just us, the Swiss?
Is this our Reformed-Evangelical way?
Or do you also know this in the north?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian home - but she doesn't have any presents yet.
"The nice thing is that even if there is no snow in Erfurt, you can simply drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest," said the actress and singer to Hit Radio FFH.
She will get in the mood for the festival by baking and making cookies with her son.
"I love it," Catterfeld said.
However, she still has a lot to do before the reflective days: "For the first time, I don't have any presents yet, I have to get started now."
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth process of moulting and re-growth of plumage.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 μg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of feather damage that occurs in poultry farming is exclusively due to nutritional deficiencies.
Since the feathers consist of protein-containing substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein diet of the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a flawless plumage.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily diet must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
A large part of the animal losses that occur during moulting are due to insufficient or unbalanced protein intake and/or insufficient supply of vitamins and minerals.
The composition of NEKTON-Bio explicitly takes into account and balances the unfavourable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feeds.
No other vitamin supplement should be administered while using NEKTON-Bio.
NEKTON-Bio is soluble in cold water and can be easily administered via drinking water or soft food.
Thank you, I found it
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work
GDR handmade model of the old E-Lok E 95.03 DRG/DR, the locomotive was in use in Silesia and Central Germany, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railwayman ME issue 11/1968, used with traces of play and missing parts, see photos, good function, The E 95 series is a heavy freight train electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal trains in the Silesian network, the kit may also come from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and has been restored to working order
In 1924, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft had commissioned AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive that would be able to transport 2,200-tonne coal trains and 530-tonne passenger trains at a cruising speed of 45 km/h on this line.
The required maximum speed was 65 km/h.
Thus, in March 1926, the DRG decided on the delivery as a 1"Co+Co1" locomotive with Tatzlager drive, AEG with the delivery of the mechanical part, Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which received the operating numbers E 95.01-06.
All survived the Second World War and then found themselves on the territory of the later GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives were sent to the Soviet Union as reparation goods.
They returned to Germany until November 1952.
At the Dessau Reichsbahn repair shop, the suitability of all six locomotives for refurbishment was determined.
[4] As the progressive re-electrification of the Central German network resulted in an increasing demand for locomotives for heavy freight service, the three locomotives E 95.01 to E 95.03 were refurbished in 1959, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts dispensers.
The E 04, E 44 and E 94, which were available in larger quantities, were built first.
It was only when it became clear that the number of E 94s to be refurbished could not be increased further that the E 95s became the focus of the refurbishment.
[4]The locomotives were initially stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren depot.
They arrived at the Halle P depot in 1960.
They were mostly used in a separate rotation plan in front of coal trains from the Geiseltal in the direction of Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
With increasing age, the complicated control of the locomotives proved to be a problem.
As a result, it often happened that contactors got stuck during gear changes.
Then Beimann, who was constantly travelling on this locomotive, had to use a hammer and a wooden wedge to loosen the contactor during the journey.
Damage to the traction motors was frequent and led to months of downtime for the locomotive.
[5] Since there were enough new-build locomotives at the end of the 1960s and a significant expansion of electric operation was not planned at that time, the Reichsbahn was able to dispense with old locomotives and most of the split classes, so that the E 95s were taken out of service.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn wanted to occupy electric locomotives only one at a time, which, due to the aforementioned difficulties with the machines and the visibility from the driver's cab, would have posed a problem in train operation.
[5] After the E 95.02 and E 95.03 were taken out of service in mid-1969, the last to follow was the E 95.01, which was withdrawn from service on 5 October 1970.
The planned new designation 255,001 was therefore never used.
All the locomotives were dismantled except for E 95.02.
The E 95.02 was installed as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77.10 as a switch heating system at Halle main station.
It took some time before those responsible at the Reichsbahn could be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the first external refurbishment of the locomotive began with the aim of being able to present it at a vehicle show in RAW Dessau.
[5] Since then, it has belonged to the Dresden Transport Museum as a non-operational museum locomotive.
The interior of the locomotive was completed in 1986.
The locomotive is cared for as a museum piece in the DB Museum Halle (Saale).
Since 1995, employees of the Traditionsgemeinschaft Bw Halle P have been working on restoring the locomotive to working order.
In April 2015, the locomotive was presented for the first time at an exhibition in the Museum-Bw Arnstadt with new interior and exterior paintwork, whereby the transformers were checked and five traction motors are operational.
-The locomotives were in use until 1945 on the Silesian Mountain Railway and the branching branch lines, where they proved themselves due to their reliable drive and low maintenance.
In February 1945, the machines were relocated to Leipzig to form the Central German network.
The main area of operation was initially Silesia
Handmade model H0 in OVP, function good, it is necessary to carry out optical rework on the locomotive by hand, dusty, with traces of play, cellar smell!!!, very rare handmade model, very small edition - possibly the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packages may have labels and storage marks.
Yes, the F-parts are
I received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with one part.
The central beam is supported by two feet..unfortunately, they are too narrow and the beam cannot be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
I can't make the bed.
The central beam is supported by two feet, which are unfortunately faulty.
The central beam does not fit into the provided bracket.
So I get new ones sent to me.
When will they be sent?
no, not flat ones.
According to the assembly instructions, these are the right shape, they were just too narrow
But that doesn't matter.
The main thing is that they fulfil their purpose
With me they are not flat
Could I get these sent to me?
Hello #NAME#, should I explain the problem to you again?
House fire with two people slightly injured and extensive damage
Two people have been slightly injured in a fire in a residential building in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, an estimated damage in the six-digit euro range has occurred, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had probably spread from a carport to the adjacent residential building in Kinsau (Landkreis Landsberg am Lech).
According to the information, two residents were taken to hospital on Sunday with slight smoke poisoning.
The exact cause of the fire was not immediately known, but the police did not assume that the fire had been deliberately set.
The Kripo Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigation.
But it arrives much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To refute fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin posted a photo of his first vaccination at the beginning of 2021 on the social network "LinkedIn"
Biontech CEO Uğur Şahin has not yet publicly commented on his vaccination status.
Now the entrepreneur has published a photo showing his coronavirus vaccination.
The illness of a friend had prompted him to do so, said Şahin.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz-based company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing him receiving a vaccination against the coronavirus.
There was misinformation on social media that I wasn't vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I received 3 doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine," Şahin wrote in a post on the LinkedIn network on Friday.
"For several months, friends have been urging me to post a photo of myself being vaccinated to counter these false rumors."
So far, he has refused, because the communication should not revolve around himself.
But a phone call last week changed his mind: "I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is battling a severe case of Covid-19 and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family were not vaccinated, wrote Şahin.
He did not ask for the reasons.
"However, the most common cause seems to be fear, often fuelled by misinformation and mistrust."
It is difficult to fight fear with facts, sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
An interview with Deutsche Welle is circulating on the internet, in which Uğur Şahin says he has not been vaccinated.
However, the video was made in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself made clear.
"I am not legally allowed to get the vaccine myself at the moment," Şahin said at the time.
In Germany, there is a prioritization in the vaccination of the vaccine.
In the meantime, the prioritization has long been lifted - and the Biontech boss has been vaccinated three times, according to his own information.
Fire in transformer station: Tens of thousands of people without power
The lights went out in several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia on Friday evening: no more electricity and, in many cases, probably no heating.
A fire had paralysed a substation.
Tens of thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia had to do without electricity for around 24 hours after a fire caused serious damage to a substation.
As a result of the fire, the lights went out on Friday evening for 41,000 affected residents in several municipalities.
The utility Westnetz reported that numerous emergency power generators were in operation on Saturday until the large-scale disruption could finally be completely resolved in the late evening.
Firefighters and helpers from THW provided support in the municipalities.
The authorities offered childcare places in schools and called for neighbourhood help.
The utility thanked those affected for their patience and the helpers for their efforts.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant restrictions.
We also thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire brigades and the THW for their tireless efforts," said the head of the primary technology department, Florian Witt, in a statement on Saturday evening.
The repair of the damage will take a few more days, as the Westnetz installers were initially only able to put some lines back into operation temporarily, he explained.
According to the company, a technical defect led to the fire.
Electricity is flowing again
According to information from Westnetz, the fire that broke out on Friday at around 7.15 p.m. has severely damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switchgear in the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid substation.
Extensive cleaning and repair work is necessary there.
At the same time, a connection to a 30,000-volt voltage level was created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply is restored.
Since 6 p.m. on Saturday, more than 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had electricity again.
A further 20,000 residents of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually connected from 9.30pm.
Since 11.15 p.m., those last affected by the outage have also had electricity.
More than 80 technicians from Westnetz and partner companies were on duty.
After setting up an emergency power supply for important buildings on Saturday afternoon, the authorities had also called for neighbourhood help.
"What is important now is that citizens take care of elderly or single people in their neighborhoods and inform the local fire stations if help is needed," explained district administrator Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
When setting up and operating emergency generators, the focus was primarily on the residents of retirement homes.
In addition, according to the authorities, temporary care places have been set up in schools for those people who could not take care of themselves or who need power-dependent medical equipment or are dependent on medical care.
Good afternoon!
Unfortunately, the blanket is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay in euros?
It is the #PRS_ORG# bedspread in teal.
I hope you also have a nice day and please stay healthy ♡
But I can't mount it on the table top.
It is custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions.
We wanted those with table tops diameter of #NUMBER#
we got 155cm diameter.
Today my #PRS_ORG# arrived, but I can't put it together and shorten it.
Can you help me further?
Otherwise I would have to send it back, as it is not fit for purpose.
I would appreciate feedback
yes, that's really easier!
Then let's do it like this!
will you send me the return form by email?
The repair is now complete.
I had already tried this before the chat.
However, I had not restarted the E-#PRS_ORG# before buying it.
Should I do it now?
I find such a low credit almost outrageous.
We disagree with that.
Nordic combined: Combined skier Riiber wins
The German Nordic combined athletes Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid sprinted to the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
Once again, the duo had to concede defeat to the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started the cross-country skiing with a large lead after the ski jumping.
Returning the order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes, we have both updated and are using version 4.5...
it could be that they have heard about problems before
I bought a book directly with my #PRS_ORG#, it seems to be on it.
As soon as I try to open it, I get the message, oops!
This document could not be opened.
File may be corrupt contact customer service.
As far as I can tell, it's a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can you help me?
Chat connection is gone and now?
I also have to work in between!
To ensure that the paint application is even and clean, you should clean the components of dust, grease and fingerprints with a little soapy water, rinse with clear water and dry.
Before you put the brush on the model for the first time with a new color, it is recommended to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the components, which will no longer be visible later, or on a yogurt cup.
The first stroke on the component
Brush evenly stroke by stroke.
Slight overlapping of the paint layers later ensures a uniform surface.
Avoid swiping back and forth with the brush.
This creates unrealistic-looking surfaces.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the light colors.
Otherwise, the dark ones could shine through later.
Metallic shades and metallic colors come at the very end with a separate brush.
Otherwise, it can lead to unsightly streaks of metal when mixed with normal paints.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before installing them.
The models look true to the original thanks to the decals.
From national emblems on aircraft and ship names to trims and license plates on car models: the decals give the model the finishing touch.
Place the decals in the correct order while the components are still within easy reach.
An aircraft cockpit can be glued or glued more easily before it is installed in the fuselage.
Even more important than the right tools such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks are time, patience and a steady hand when gluing.
Cut out each decal you need individually and arrange them.
Decals are also called water slides because you briefly wet the back of them with water until the backing paper darkens from the wetness.
Then you slide the image just a small piece of the paper and place the piece on the appropriate place on the model (which you have also previously moistened).
While holding the decal on the model with a tool, pull away the backing paper from the side.
Caution: Always check that the picture fits properly before you completely slide it off the paper, so that it does not stick to your finger, crease or even tear.
Siphon off excess water with a household towel.
Warning not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book briefly, as soon as I look for something else I don't read the book anymore and have to log out and log in and reload the book and look for the place where I read.
I already communicated with you on Saturday.
Will I receive it by email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp arrived in 3 separate packages
ok, thanks anyway!
then I will buy elsewhere as soon as the money is returned.
But will I get it back without any problems?
Fertility treatment with private health insurance / What is an "insurance case"?
Hello everyone,
We have been in fertility treatment for some time, but now, when it comes to settling the bill with the private health insurance company, they are suddenly at loggerheads.
In order:
We had applied for the fertility treatment in advance with the PKV and got the approval over 3 attempts.
The experiments were not restricted in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to a successful pregnancy and birth and was settled with the PKV.
Some time later, we tried to have a second child, and made 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but did not yet settle them with the PKV.
We again applied for the costs to be covered by the PKV and were again granted 3 further attempts.
After a few more attempts (we have carried out more attempts than promised, logically the most expensive ones are charged to the PKV) we submitted the invoices to the PKV and got the nasty surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3) the PKV only wants to reimburse 3 attempts.
The reason: With the pregnancy/birth, the remaining 2 attempts of the first commitment expire.
The second wish to have children is a new insurance case.
According to the General Terms and Conditions, however, "The insured event begins with the medical treatment, it ends when there is no longer a need for treatment."
The questions to the experts in the round here:
* Who is right here, the PKV (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or us (there are 5 attempts to be reimbursed)?
* Should the PKV have pointed out to us in the promises that further attempts would be forfeited with a birth?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance case?
Infertility (caused by blocked fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts would give their opinion here.
Thank you very much for your help!
Can you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how I can best reach them again?
All right.
We won't be ordering from them again.
When they add up the sales from me and my friend #NAME# (same address), they've obviously lost a good customer.
They are welcome to pass this on to their manager.
That's not competitive.
Yesterday, my colleague told me that the refund had been initiated and now you're telling me that I have to send the thing back.
I can't help it if the chest of drawers arrives at my door in a state of complete confusion
Please see the screenshot of what the colleague wrote
It clearly states that the refund has been initiated and I have still not received a refund via #PRS_ORG#
They can tell their manager that they have now lost two regular customers.
My boyfriend also ordered various furniture for our apartment via his account.
We won't be doing that anymore.
No, the defect did not occur until several months later.
An office chair must be able to withstand normal use.
Otherwise, they can't sell it as an office chair.
Irrespective of this, the warranty period is 24 months.
No, it is not possible for me to obtain another type of packaging.
I will be able to dismantle the cabinet and make it available to the transport company.
Hello, I have a question about your series #PRS_ORG#
These products are advertised with additional stools to be purchased, but unfortunately we cannot find these with you.
Can they help?
Topic of the week: The best low budget films
There is no general definition of what a low-budget film is, with exact budget limits.
Wikipedia has this to say:
A low-budget film or low-budget movie is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
There are plenty of lists of low-budget films on the web, such as Letterboxd.com.
Do you know any interesting representatives of this category?
What attracts you to it?
And what do you maybe not like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, I have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
Wanted to know the best price for the Odelle grey leather sofa.
The delivery time has now been extended once again, is this now also reliable?
Thank you very much
Sincerely,
If there is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30 minutes is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes in the waiting position...I soon give up again, because it just doesn't work here.
Hello,
"Half a victory" against Belarus comes at a high cost for the EU
According to the political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can declare a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
However, the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees on Belarus' border with Poland and Lithuania, Bossong told the Evangelische Pressedienst (epd).
The EU has not sustainably resolved the confrontation, explained the researcher from the Berlin-based German Institute for International and Security Affairs (SWP).
This state of limbo - Belarus is not backing down, but the EU feels like a winner - is likely to continue for a while.
Bossong ruled that the treatment of people at the border was not in accordance with the European Convention on Human Rights.
Apparently, there is an "increasing normalization of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole does not resolutely oppose it, this comes at the expense of fundamental rights.
At the same time, this development weakens cohesion in the Union.
"Apparently, it cannot assert itself when a member state sets its mind on doing its own thing," as is currently the case with Poland, which does not even allow the EU border protection agency Frontex access to the border.
In addition, the EU is paying another price for its policy on the border with Belarus, according to Bossong: A basic agreement on asylum policy will be made more difficult, since the line "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Another attempt to cross the border
According to information from Poland's border guard, meanwhile, migrants have again tried to enter Polish territory via Belarus.
A spokeswoman for the authority said on Sunday that 55 migrants had been arrested in the night of Sunday and brought back to the border.
The Polish officers were pelted with stones by the migrants during the incident near the village of Czeremsza.
According to the information, a soldier was hit in the face and had to be treated by a military doctor.
In total, the border guard registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
Already on Friday evening, a group of 28 migrants had overcome the border barriers.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan have crossed or tried to cross the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko, who is in power in Minsk, of luring them with the prospect of entering the EU.
According to press reports, Poland and Lithuania sealed off sections of the border.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU commissioners travelled to people's countries of origin to prevent them from leaving.
The most effective element of the EU's response is putting pressure on the airlines, Bossong said.
"The EU has thrown its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with tough bandages and extraterritorial sanctions."
Minsk must also consider domestic political costs.
Belarusian society is probably not prepared for the security apparatus to regularly allow thousands of people to pass through the country.
Mercedes protests after controversial Formula 1 final
Max Verstappen is said to have committed two rule violations during the race, in the opinion of Mercedes.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula 1 final in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has filed an appeal.
The Silver Arrows suspect two rule breaches in the last Grand Prix of the year.
One protest relates to an alleged infringement by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the final safety car period, when he is said to have overtaken illegally.
A second appeal was lodged against the classification at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not followed in accordance with the rules.
Verstappen had overtaken Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the last lap and raced to his first Formula 1 title.
The manoeuvre took place shortly after the end of a safety car period, in which the Dutchman had overtaken cars in front of him.
I'll check that.
I'll talk to the bank and get back to you
thanks for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park hosts SC Freiburg fan day
Europa-Park, the namesake of Sport-Club Freiburg's Europa-Park stadium, has invited to the SC Freiburg Fan Day.
According to the park, members and season ticket holders of the sports club from Breisgau as well as members of the fan community were allowed to visit Europa-Park for free on this day.
In addition, there were vouchers for drinks and sausages.
The roller coasters glowed red and white that day because of the jerseys.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop," says the park.
The cooperation between the Bundesliga club and the amusement park in Rust, 40 kilometres north of Freiburg, has existed since the beginning of the 1990s.
The first SC Freiburg Fan Day at Europa-Park once again showed how well suited the partnership is.
Seeing beaming fans having fun together on the roller coaster confirms this," says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
why is it €#NUMBER# and not €1699 as originally?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
The Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen has done it.
The Dutchman wins his first world championship title with Red Bull in his seventh year in Formula 1.
His path to the top of the premier class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen loses the World Kart Championship after a crash in Sarno.
His father Jos Verstappen leaves him angry at a petrol station on the way back.
His mother, Sophie Kumpen, collects the teenager in the following car.
2014, England: Red Bull's junior team gets a promising youngster in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old is thus following in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
He will continue to race in European Formula 3 for the time being.
2015, Australia: At the age of 17 years and 166 days, Verstappen is the youngest driver in history to start a Grand Prix.
Due to a defect, he has to park his Toro Rosso prematurely in Melbourne.
2015, Malaysia: At 17 years and 180 days, the then Toro Rosso driver Verstappen is also the youngest racer to score points in Formula 1.
Verstappen finishes seventh at the Malaysian Grand Prix in Sepang.
2016, Spain: In his first race for Red Bull, Verstappen is an immediate winner.
At the age of 18 years and 228 days, he sensationally becomes the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history in Barcelona.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his pole debut in Budapest - he's not the youngest.
At the age of 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
At the age of 24, Verstappen celebrates his first world championship title at the Formula 1 final in Abu Dhabi - with an overtaking manoeuvre against Hamilton in the final lap. dpa
I had a #NUMBER# of problems with you when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# chest of drawers.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim"
As part of the "LiteraTour Nord" reading series, author Judith Hermann read from her current novel "Daheim" on Friday in the sold-out Blue Note and also acted as moderator.
She is divorced, lives in a house on the coast and listens sensitively to the nocturnal sounds at her front door.
I submitted the contact form for the return of an item yesterday, but did not receive an email confirmation or anything similar.
My question would be whether my request has been received.
Not everyone has the time for your inane chat and misdelivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake, which you fix and not all from our budget.
Contact Ms. #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day
We had a chat yesterday and agreed that I or Mrs. #NAME# would receive an email with a 60 Euro voucher, a new order for the #PRS_ORG# bedside table and a return label.
This e-mail has not yet arrived.
I want to bring the package to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
Sincerely,
The LokSound 5 decoder can play up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bit / 31250 kHz and finally offers HiFi quality on your system.
There is practically no audible difference to the original.
A Class-D audio amplifier with up to 3W output power drives the speakers, which are allowed to have an impedance of between 4 Ohm and 32 Ohm.
The huge 128 Mbit sound memory provides enough capacity.
All individual sounds can be individually adjusted in volume.
The super-flexible sound engine without a rigid schedule allows the model-accurate simulation of all conceivable rail vehicles.
Three separately adjustable brake functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry, but just because he says he's not an anti-Semite doesn't mean anything.
That's like when an afdler says he has nothing against foreigners.
Neither will admit it to their i.
But Kollegah is constantly reproducing some anti-Semitic messages.
If you want to distance yourself, then you should just leave it completely.
Yeah, wow, then you're not to be taken as seriously as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions evolution in principle is simply completely lost.
For my part, a God set the whole thing in motion.
But once you're a creationist, you have to believe the Earth is 10,000 years old and science is bunk.
And that makes you an enemy of science and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah.
In order to obtain an optimal field of vision, the magnifying glass should be placed as close to the eye as possible.
The specially designed aplanatic-achromatic lens system allows you to use the magnifier practically free of distortion and color errors right up to the edge zone.
Magnifying glasses are often labelled with their magnification.
However, this information only applies to precisely defined conditions, which rarely correspond to the conditions of use.
In order to get the most out of your magnifying glass, please follow the instructions in the "Technical data" table (see instructions for use in the packaging).
Light reflections occur on the lens surfaces of all optical devices, including magnifying glasses.
An anti-reflective coating significantly reduces these reflections.
When used under optimal conditions - with the magnifying glass close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the enclosed instructions for use (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Magnifier Credit Card Magnifier Magnifying Pocket Magnifier Reading Magnifier Reading Aid
Whether as a reading aid for when you're out and about or simply for the little everyday things, the Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And their hard coating makes them robust against the particular rigours of everyday life.
Each magnifier comes with a credit card holder for storage and safe transport.
You bid on these parts, which you can see in the pictures or described under "What are you bidding on."
What condition is the item in?
Of course, everyone can overlook something, because no one is free from mistakes - if this is the case, simply write a message and it will be clarified to your full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial repayment or complete repayment).
You will receive a proper invoice.
Unless expressly requested otherwise by the buyer, shipments are always insured with a tracking number via DHL!
For the individual shipping costs, please refer to the above shipping conditions.
There are no additional handling costs.
ok everyone says unauthorized, how can I check more closely?
yes both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do very nice and good service, although it took a while to get to a person, you were great
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# team,
I have already contacted you under the customer contact with the number #PHONENUMBER#.
Yes, but that was before.
They can't deliver from England because of #PRS_ORG#.
Fir sale in Schönwolde: In the municipality of Krembz, women are looking for Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has already experienced many a curious situation when selling fir trees.
On one occasion, a man even drove home without his partner because the two couldn't come to an agreement.
Every year, he plants a good 2,000 plants.
The 56-year-old has already experienced many a curious situation.
This always makes the run-up to Christmas a bit fun, he says.
And with the voucher??
Otherwise, I'm gone as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and have now paid the full price for it.
Then I will evaluate it accordingly!
We don't need to get into a debate about which is the better dish, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat grilled on a rotating spit.
And that's how they got their names.
In German, an equivalent might be something like the "Dreher," which doesn't sound nearly as delicious.
Problems with fiber + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have had a new fibre optic connection in the house for a few weeks.
Unfortunately, I now have problems setting up a stable Wifi network.
Previously, I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which received and transmitted 50 Mbit flawlessly, except for a few failures.
The new fibre optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and this also arrives at the DLan module, which is connected to the FritzBox.
However, the other DLan module, which transmits the Wifi, no longer receives the full 500, but the further I move away in the house with the module, the less arrives (i.e. use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc. spaces away from the other module).
As a result, the Internet with the new fiber optic connection is now even slower on the first floor than before (\~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic set, which apparently uses a new technology.
Although this was slightly better than the DLan, there were also similarly large losses here.
Could someone explain to me why so much Internet speed is "lost" over power lines with fiber optics?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely time-consuming to lay LAN cables in the house.
I'm really desperate, which is why I've created an account here.
That's why I would appreciate an answer all the more.
When it's time to switch current accounts
Anyone who would have thought that there would be a lull in the current accounts would have been mistaken.
While many banks have used the autumn to use all kinds of tricks to get their customers to confirm the fee increases of the past, the allowances for negative interest rates continue to fall.
Deutsche Bank, for example, has long been considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now it has just halved the allowance and even quartered the daily allowance.
In a first step, the limit was lowered only for customers of the Postbank group division - to 50,000 euros for current and investment accounts and to 25,000 euros for overnight deposits.
In the meantime, however, these lower allowances apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesman confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for "new individual agreements with existing customers."
Commerzbank had already previously gone down to a limit of 50,000 euros, which still applies, as does ING Germany.
The direct bank DKB, which is particularly popular with cost-conscious customers, has reduced the allowances in two stages, first to 50,000 euros, and now to 25,000 euros.
After all, according to figures from the Internet portal Verivox, more than 100 banks now have an allowance of 25,000 euros or less.
Sparda-Bank Berlin has also arrived at 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the consumer centres, which in the first instance before the Berlin Regional Court even got right against this regulation.
Now the banks are already discussing whether the institutions should possibly make provisions - in the event that the higher authorities also declare negative interest rates to be inadmissible in principle and many millions have to be repaid to bank customers.
The table top for 8 people was delivered instead of the one for 6 people.
The smaller one is for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs an entire beauty army
She's now officially at the top of Hollywood.
But her life is a roller coaster.
Jennifer Aniston (52) has been voted the most influential woman of the year by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter."
For her, who made a splash in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show," this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and work.
A whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers take care of her appearance.
After all, according to Aniston, she treats herself to one chip a day (yes, you read that right: a SINGLE chip from the bag).
The fact that the hearts of female and male fans still go out to her in equal measure is nothing short of a miracle.
Maybe because she's just unlucky with luck - and is still looking for love.
And has crossed the baby wish off the list.
Before, she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
That hurt her.
The people who asked that have no idea what's going on with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
Let's hope that success and fame will also make you happy.
Undignified end to a career: Raikkonen has to give up
Kimi Raikkonen's farewell from Formula 1 was even quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his brow.
That was it.
After a driving error and a slight bump in the road, Raikkonen had to park his Alfa Romeo less than half way through the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
It was his 349th and final Grand Prix, the "Iceman" ending his career in motorsport's premier class.
His wife Minttu and their two children also travelled to the United Arab Emirates to say goodbye.
Raikkonen's greatest success was winning the 2007 world championship in a Ferrari.
He achieved 21 Grand Prix victories, started from pole 18 times and reached the podium 103 times. dpa
Friedrich takes 60th World Cup victory - Nolte wins two-man bobsled - Sports
The Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen's mark of 94 successes is the bobsleigh pilot's goal.
"I've worked it out, I would have to score nine and a half victories per season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who recorded two successes in two days at the races in Winterberg.
On Saturday, he first fended off Johannes Lochner's attack by five hundredths, in which he moved from third to first.
He then made some changes to the set-up of the material and gained a larger lead of 0.30 seconds on Sunday.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle), he prevailed over the Briton Brad Hall.
The Austrian Benjamin Maier was third.
"We took a bigger risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also claimed his 22nd victory in a row.
Johannes Lochner from Berchtesgaden, driving for Stuttgart, came in fifth place this time after second place previously.
Christoph Hafer from BC Bad Feilnbach finished in eighth place after fourth place in the first race.
"If I knew what he was doing differently, I would do it that way, too," Lochner said.
Nolte with home victory - podium for Jamanka
On the women's side, Laura Nolte claimed her third win of the season in the two-woman bobsleigh on her home track.
After only managing fourth place in the monobob the previous day, she raced to World Cup victory with pusher Deborah Levi in the German triple success on Sunday.
Olympic two-woman bobsleigh champion Mariama Jamanka from BRC Thüringen came in second place with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
In addition to her Olympic qualification, she recorded the first podium place this winter.
Wiesbaden's Kim Kalicki finished in third place with Leonie Fiebig.
For me it was super cool, first podium place in the World Cup, I'm super happy that Mariama is taking me with her.
I'm super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the start times today were okay," said Burghardt and stressed: "It's not just pushing, but there is also an enormous amount to do around it."
Jamanka was a little annoyed about the not entirely faultless rides, but said: "It's going in the right direction."
I already had the blanket in my shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I didn't receive it and therefore couldn't redeem it, which is why I finally asked.
Due to corona, I had completely different problems last year and never had time for it.
And now it says it has expired, which makes me very angry.
Look into the chat it was about the Asare bench.
I want to return it and then order again as it's just reduced:)
Why is shipping only starting on 16 March?
There was nothing about such a long delivery time on your website
No, only when I tap on it does an extra field appear with the message
It was accepted by your colleague yesterday.
Why is this a problem today?
I have also sent you pictures of the wrongly delivered goods.
But we still want the shelf module, just a new undamaged one.
And don't cancel the whole order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
Hello lovely girls and women,
I have some things I just want to write about and maybe one or two others feel the same way...
I'm 24, have cPTBS, full-time student and dog mum - apart from the fact that my dog doesn't scream or go to kindergarten, he's actually my child 1 to 1.
My boyfriend (we've been together since we were 6) is ill, got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
Yesterday I visited him because I also have emotional needs and because I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him take a shower (because his hand is bandaged due to burns).
On top of that, he has a cold and we currently see each other less frequently (1-2x a week), which is very difficult for me with my needs for affection and love.
My puppy has a stomachache, I cooked for him and now he is lying in his cuddle blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there for him with the heat lamp and petting.
I live alone with my sister and my mum, and she's just gone for a month.
Now we also have housework to do, which we will of course divide up.
But even cooking is a lot of work for me right now...
My PTSD illness is currently well controlled, I am reasonably well treated and I am coping.
Not good, but I'm coping and almost symptom-free.
My university is very demanding right now (for me), tomorrow at 3 p.m. I have a written test for which I haven't done anything yet and the day after tomorrow an anatomy lesson for which I should at least prepare a little something.
And next week I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what happens then is on my calendar and not in my head because there is no more space.
So my week goes like this: Only until the day after tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But after that, the whole thing continues?
Only until his birthday.
Only until the start of the holidays.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need those mental cues, because otherwise I don't cope.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic," but I can't do it any other way...
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I'm eternally grateful that I don't have to work.
I can't put it into words how grateful I am.
Don't know if I would have survived my cptbs otherwise.
I think that has a lot to do with the mental load of women and that's why I thought that I would certainly find fellow sufferers here...
In any case, I wish you a relaxing evening, the week is almost over!
I received my order today, unfortunately it's a completely different colour, plus the surface is scratched and the table leg has an imprint.
On the first delivery, the colour was exactly as on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
If we change the table now, will I get another color or what?
The cancellation email was sent on 26.12.#NUMBER#.
In other words, twice.
However, it was not confirmed.
Let's try something completely different: Back in school, I noticed that many religion teachers don't believe in God and for them it's just another subject like math or geography.
For me it was always a bit strange, perhaps because I was brought up as a Christian and I've always believed in some way.
How do you feel about that?
Maybe you can also talk about work and/or study colleagues with different attitudes.
Basically, I understand the difference between private and professional life and it makes sense to separate them.
There is also a curriculum, etc.
But it would also be strange to have a physics teacher who does not believe in the theory of relativity.
Then what makes you want to teach religion if you don't believe it?
Preserving culture or something?
Hope you question isn't too private.
Can't it be changed or not?I like to write in English, I understand it well
That was a long time ago, so I would refrain from
It's fine, thanks.
I expect feedback in a timely manner, by the beginning of next week at the latest.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Movie search Help please
Hello dear people,
I'm looking for a film from my childhood (I'm 24).
I think it was a film for young people.
There are two timelines (or parallel worlds) in the film.
On the one hand, modernity (the real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the realm of the dead) (not quite sure).
Since I can't describe it in more detail anyway, in the real world there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead, a young soldier (uniform similar to that of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason, their paths cross and an action ensues.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman into this realm in order to be able to live himself, I think.
I think the passage is also the grave of the soldier.
In the end, I think both soldiers fight each other.
If it means anything to you, I'm grateful for any response.
Our little one has only slept on her stomach since week 1.
Fast forward: still alive:D
Just relax.
A child like that can take a lot more than you think.
Make sure everything around it is right, no cuddly toys, go in and look more often, but no minutes of surveillance.
It's driving you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Achso and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always had a blanket.
Watch your child when he or she is sleeping.
Does it turn its head to the side?
Can it straighten itself out from the belly?
Or does it lie face-first directly in the mattress?
From this you can deduce whether everything is in order.
We all grew up and when my husband was born, it was normal to put the kids on their stomachs to sleep.
In addition, we are already "regular customers" with you and have already bought a lot of items
But why are you only offering me 20EUR?
Hello, I already wrote yesterday with a colleague of yours and so far no feedback.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived the day before yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer does not fit in the cabinet.
Please contact me as soon as possible.
The cabinet cannot be used in this way at the moment.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself that not everything can be kept.
And I also had a lot of fun with RBTV.
But it is simply the case that the politics of this broadcaster is now in the gutter.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then at the same time go on a big begging tour.
It said it was an "independent" internet broadcaster.
Quote from Arno: "We don't want to be a running advertising column."
What are you now?
An 0815 advertising channel trying to get its BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's do's and don'ts.
Which, of course, apply to everyone except Simon and Etienne.
Of course, they are allowed to continue to offend people.
A Krogmann who completely lacks empathy and at the expense of the action with the exploded rented rooms tries to make ashes.
How can you be happy with all this?
Great if you like it, I think it's awful.
I would like a call back, as my wooden table was delivered defective.
Broken body due to damaged delivery of the #PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a comforter for a stomachache or just for cuddling - My Little Warmth Friend can be used in a variety of ways.
Cherry stone pillows are a traditional home remedy for soothing heat applications, as cherry stones can absorb heat very well and release it in measured doses.
The removable inner cushion can be easily heated in the microwave or oven.
The soft cover makes the application particularly pleasant, so that the little ones feel secure, even if they are not feeling so well.
The cherry stone cushion with cover is only suitable as a heat pad for the following applications:
Before heating the pillow, check for unusual odours, stick or burn marks and dispose of them immediately if they are present.
Please take the inner cushion out of the cover beforehand to warm it up!
Heat in the microwave at max. 300 watts for max. 2 minutes (observe the instructions of the microwave manufacturer!)
Immediately after heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking!
Then place the inner cushion back into the cover.
During the first warm-ups, a slight moisture build-up may occur on the surface, but this will disappear with repeated applications.
Be sure to follow the heating instructions given, as longer times or higher energy outputs can lead to damage (risk of ignition and combustion!).
Before heating the pillow in the microwave, check that the manufacturer's instructions for use allow the heating of grain products.
After placing the warmed inner pillow back into the cover, please check the temperature of the pillow for suitability for babies (max. 43 °C) at the crook of your arm!
Do not use the pillow in acute and chronic, inflammatory or febrile diseases, circulatory problems, fresh hematomas, bruises and open wounds, as well as in people with reduced pain.
In the case of existing skin, heart, vein, diabetes or tumour diseases as well as pregnancy, please consult a doctor before use.
If seams have opened and loose kernels are leaking, dispose of the product and the loose kernels immediately and out of the reach of children.
If the product is used in babies under 1 year of age, the temperature of the child should be checked regularly during use to avoid overheating!
All serious incidents in connection with the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country in which the user is established.
The cover is removable and machine washable at 30 °C.
Please pay attention to the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt second after first series - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 are working their way out of the bottom of the table.
Things are not going well for Ingolstadt even under their third coach.
Jubilation in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top match, joy in Hanover over interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the unsuccessful debut under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Yesterday evening, my laptop (ThinkPad E480,20KQ and about 3 years old) was no longer charged by my power supply.
I bought it new about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought the power supply alone would be enough to operate it.
No, the battery is empty and the laptop no longer starts despite the power supply being plugged in.
I then removed the battery, but nothing happens here either.
Are you full of ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop while it is connected to the mains?
Is something else broken?
Thank you for your help!
I want the #PRS_ORG# delivered to my room.
How can I book it?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
But I don't know how high the seat is.....
Often on tour and still have a lot of equipment with you?
No problem with the Everyday V2 backpack from Peak Design!
With a capacity of 20 litres, it can also swallow larger photographic equipment without any problems, which can be stowed safely using the padded FlexFold dividers.
And thanks to practical access points in the individually configurable interior, everything else you need in terms of everyday objects remains well organized and can be separated from the photo equipment.
With the "update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The chic, minimalist design literally has it all - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack while still providing access to photographic equipment in seconds.
This works in two ways: the first is the conventional way, via the lid flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch closure system, an excellently thought-out solution for effective protection, which has already proven itself in messenger bags.
There is a metal locking hook in the flap with matching anchor bars on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different "fill levels": there are 4 anchoring bars, firmly riveted, into which the locking hook can be hooked.
If the backpack is fully loaded, you just take the top bar, if it is rather empty, take a lower one.
The flap closure and hook are also magnetic.
This means that the backpack can also be closed reliably without snapping the hook.
The second option also fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other photo backpacks: In addition to the lid flap, there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest drawback of conventional top-access backpacks - you no longer have to rummage through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail enormously increases the everyday suitability of the backpack: if you take not only your photographic equipment, but also everyday objects or luggage.
In the Everyday Backpack, you can individually configure the interior (more on this below) and thus easily store both separately from each other - and also access them independently through the two side openings.
You can also pull the backpack from the right side in front of the body, for example to access the camera equipment in the right main compartment, while the everyday things remain safely in the left half of the backpack and do not get in between.
Comfortable, easily adjustable carrying straps help with this.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made entirely of 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents remain dry even if you are going to Scotland in the autumn.
Unfortunately, I am waiting in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME# sent me an email yesterday confirming the
It was announced that the shipping company would be in touch to collect the wrongly delivered table.
So far, I haven't received a message.
I ask for immediate processing.
I am now already writing with the third support employee, with none of them I got further than the promise that I would receive an email as confirmation.
It is the return of the wrongly delivered custom #NAME#
Is it possible to predict when the cabinet could be delivered again?
Keeping him like this is not an option for me...
It works.
Thank you very much for the help
Have a nice evening
hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. when will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was on 12.1.21.
I received a completely different lamp than I ordered
Please call me
If you extend the voucher, I will place a larger order immediately, but at least I kept the damaged piece of furniture and did not send it back.
And I couldn't have guessed that last year would turn out differently than I thought, and I wasn't able to redeem and clear it in time.
But I have the damage as a customer and I don't accept that.
Rotinger brake discs are designed for the demands of the dynamic driver, who appreciates reliability and safety when braking, even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are made of cast iron and then machined (drilled and cut).
All tuned discs are produced in short series according to individual technical characteristics, which are peculiar to certain discs and patterns.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing, a special production program is created, which, with the balancing of the pane, adapts to the characteristics of the original assembly.
The tuned discs produced in this way ensure high comfort and braking effectiveness.
Additional openings increase the effectiveness of cooling the disc, while the cuts improve the cleaning of the brake discs and pads.
The aesthetic properties of our tuned windows underline the character of each car with an attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man at the southern fork of the American River spotted glowing boulders in the water.
Although he tried to keep his discovery a secret, the news spread quickly and triggered the so-called "California Gold Rush" of '49.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest-growing and most prosperous cities in the country.
Areas were staked out, tents pitched, and saloons and hotels sprang up almost overnight.
Everyone wanted their share of the country's wealth.
For many it was: "Coloma or Bust"!
In this game, you are a pioneer seeking wealth and fame in the West.
You will search for gold, recruit workers, round up horses and build businesses.
You will also have the opportunity to explore the surrounding river courses and adjacent areas.
You're not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You have to outperform your fellow pioneers to avoid going bust with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many paths to victory.
You simultaneously choose your actions, have to budget your resources and build a tableau that "works" more and more for you (so-called "engine building").
The buildings on your board allow you to become more efficient, get extra actions or turn rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can develop your individual playing style with the help of fine adjustments.
Coloma is set over a three-year period from 1848 (the year gold was discovered in Coloma), through 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) to 1850 (the year California officially became a state).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players will secretly and simultaneously select a location on the board where they can perform actions.
After that, their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers in the appropriate locations.
If a site has the most pioneers, it gets a ban!
This disables one half of the site - reducing the possible actions there.
Then the players take turns performing actions such as gaining resources, moving carts, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening shops and positioning gunslingers.
When all actions are completed, the pioneers return.
The tout rotates to a new location at the beginning of each round, changing the available actions.
This continues until the telltale has moved five times, covering each location once, and the year ends.
There is a shootout in which the players have to defend Coloma from a raid by angry bandits.
If players have contributed enough gunslingers and outnumber the bandits, they will receive rewards.
If they fail, however, they receive lower rewards or end up in the cemetery.
The game ends after the third shootout, then the final scoring takes place.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free shipping, I use the shipping method, consignment (filmed games) up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm.
For everything else, it's usually DPD insured and with tracking (filmed games, wrapped in fleece and wrapping paper).
If you are a collector, then for an extra charge of 2 euros I can also send a box in a box, which is 100% free of pressure points.
"Why children are not bullies" documentary, ARD Mediathek
CW psychological violence, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentary popped up in my Twitter timeline today, and I watched it straight away.
>The child psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a welcome guest on talk shows and gives lectures throughout Europe.
With his book "Why our children become tyrants" (2008), he triggered a fierce parenting debate.
Former patients and legal guardians are now making serious allegations against him.
Please take care of yourselves, the film is hard to bear.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
We parents and other responsible persons must never, never, never! seek power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child space for his or her development and to make the framework for the child as large as is reasonable and possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shaking.
Holetschek: Countries are discussing the abolition of mandatory testing for those who have been vaccinated three times
The health ministers of the federal states want to decide at their next meeting on a nationwide abolition of the obligation to test for those who have been vaccinated three times.
"We states need clarity quickly as to whether and from when the obligation to be tested can be waived for those who have been vaccinated three times," Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Conference of Health Ministers, told the "Bild am Sonntag."
The elimination of 2G plus for those who have been vaccinated three times is "not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional incentive to vaccinate," said Holetschek.
Federal Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised "that he will make a proposal to the Conference of Health Ministers on this as early as next Tuesday." − afp
So I want to send the lamp back
What is the best way to proceed?
Hello, I think the #PRS_ORG# chair is very nice, but I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me?
I can no longer make purchases through my #PRS_ORG#.
Display: Oops, an error has occurred.
Purchase via the #PRS_ORG# page on your computer.
I have updated my account details.
What could be the reason for this?
What you are describing is called *awareness*, i.e. sensory perception under general anaesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of about 1 in 1000.
The most common is hearing sounds/voices, less common is seeing images and rarest of all is the perception of pain.
Relevant to this topic: caesarean sections are operations that are associated with an increased rate of awareness, since a very deep anaesthetic is avoided to protect the child until the umbilical cord is cut.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned at the pre-anesthesia consultation.
Certain anaesthetic procedures, such as total intravenous anaesthesia (TIVA), are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear all, this comment of mine describes awareness correctly, but by definition, ** u/Nitemarex **did not have any.
I misread your comment.
But the chair is defective.
Unfortunately, the 20€ don't help us either.
These are statutory warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be for them to take back the defective chair.
In addition to the legal obligation, this is also standard in the area of eCommerce.
Please check again whether you will at least take back the defective chair.
We then sell the second chair privately.
We also lose a lot of money.
I already sent you an email, which you did not answer.
Again, the question.
It says in the order and on the invoice that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The carrier is company #NAME#.
I just called there.
I was told that they only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is that so?
If so, I will have to cancel the order, as I don't know anyone who can carry the heavy furniture to the first floor.
won't they call me?
I had formulated a question
Theatre historian Günther Rühle dies at the age of 97
He has distinguished himself as a theatre critic and as an artistic director.
Later he wrote a monumental history of the theatre.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
There is still the new book on the table, freshly printed: "An old man is getting older."
The harrowing diary of a slow farewell to the world, which the theatre historian and journalist Günther Rühle has kept until April 2021.
And in the middle of the reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book reads: "I am here to give thanks for my life."
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common is Euro pallets, standardised wooden pallets, which are used as load carriers, especially in Europe.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to data from Statistics Austria, more than ten million pallets were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was a good 79 million euros.
How many pallets are imported into Austria each year is not recorded.
New York wins first MLS championship
New York City FC has won the Major League Soccer title for the first time.
After the 1:1 in the regular season against host Portland Timbers, the team from the Eastern Conference decided the final in a penalty shootout with 4:2.
In the final of the Eastern Conference, New York prevailed against Philadelphia Union, the team of the German Kai Wagner.
Roulette Tips & Tricks
A week ago, I got lots of great tips for the perfect goulash here.
We had this for Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and buttery!
So thanks again for that:)
Now I've got a taste for it and want to cook roulades for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will start a cattle fund for it.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a big pot.
What happens now?
What about the books and how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English is not so good anymore, but I can do it
IIt's about a refund of €#NUMBER#
I was already informed by e-mail on 18 January that the refund had been made.
But to this day, I have not received the money.
Would you please check there.
Where to find Christmas roasts in the Lübeck area
For many people, the goose or duck is as much a part of Christmas as the Christmas tree and the presents.
You haven't bought any poultry yet?
Now time is running out.
We'll tell you where to get a Christmas roast in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube amplifier contributes significantly to the warmth and fat content of the guitar amplifier sound.
These features are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controls, you can set the desired level on the one hand and the distortion of your sounds on the other.
In addition, the amplifiers of the VT+ series offer a unique POWER LEVEL control, with which you can reduce the sound level without changing anything in terms of "gain" and distortion.
It was already mentioned above that the POWER LEVEL control can even be used to create a power reserve when things get outrageously loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL control, the full potential of the VT+ series can be used in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line output.
The signal here is processed with a box simulation, so that you get an eminently "acoustic" sound impression even when using headphones or when shooting directly.
A CD or MP3 player can be connected to the AUX socket, so you can jam to your favourite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also buy a VFS5 footswitch, you can also conveniently call up the sounds by foot, switch the effect blocks on/off and "tap" the tempo of the compatible effects.
This is actually indispensable for live use.
With its new powerhouses, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But I had seen that with others.
Is there a way to return the lamp?
Because it hangs too low for a dining table?
So I would like to send them back.
Can you help me with this?
And the chest of drawers?
Will we receive an update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
If it doesn't work out, I'd be happy with a discount or voucher.
I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Just over 1,000 euros for goods I don't need is a bit much.
I have just received my delivery and would like to know if screws were part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) on the provided hook.
This is not a satisfactory answer and it was not worth the wait
Do you have a premium customer status?
Iran sees progress in nuclear deal negotiations
According to Iran, progress is being made in the negotiations on reviving the international nuclear agreement.
"Both sides are close to agreeing on the issues that should be on the agenda," Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri told the Irna news agency on Sunday.
This is a "positive and important development," because initially there was not even a consensus on the issues to be negotiated.
The agreement is intended to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks on the revival of the agreement were resumed after an interruption of almost one week.
Negotiators from Iran, Germany, Great Britain, China, France and Russia are taking part in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also present in Vienna, but is only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now state with highest corona incidence
Thuringia has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest incidence in Germany.
It is the only federal state with a value above the 1000 mark.
Thuringia was the only federal state with a corona incidence above 1,000 on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day value as 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which has always had the highest incidence in Germany, this value was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia had fallen slightly, but had also been above the value of 1000.
In Thuringia, 2,242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 further deaths in connection with an infection were reported within one day.
200 people seriously ill with Covid-19 were treated in intensive care in hospitals on Sunday.
There may be delays in reporting on weekends.
In addition, the health authorities have been overburdened for weeks and can hardly keep up with the registration of new cases.
I understand that.
Since the delivery will not take place until the beginning of March, it may be possible by then.
I have to print it out and stick it on the package and hand it in at the post office, that's it, right?
I don't have to click/specify/fill in anything else here?
That is exactly what I want to avoid, which is why I am writing to you.
I would like to take care of the return at my own expense.
8 euro return fee is an outrage in my eyes.
It's time for change
Happy anniversary to me, I'm u/StratorDE in the plenary hall in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#Why is the post office here?
If you look at the activity in the past months of the MBundestag, you can see one thing: it does not exist.
We have entered a winter freeze and have extended the summer slump to several months.
#What is the problem?
Yes, what was the point?
For the most part, this is likely to be simply related to dissatisfaction with how some things have gone here and how we are generally performing.
In the last few days, there has been an increasing impression that many here are still really keen on the MBundestag.
#What we need to change
At this point, the community around the MBundestag is asked which one would like to keep it alive.
The impetus came from u/edizVEVO, which became aware of this project in the last few days and found a pile of shards, to put it simply.
After some back and forth, several people from the community have found each other who want to rebuild the project.
However, I would like to once again expressly call on everyone to participate, as this is the only way this project can continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a discord server on which we can exchange ideas and work out concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Objectives:
* How should the MBundestag work in the future?
* Which existing regulations need to be changed/adapted/removed?
* How should we appear to the outside world in the future?
* How will new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair electoral system?
I'm pretty sure I've forgotten some things, but that's not a bad thing, we have Discord for that in the end.
If you have the desire and time, come to the Discord, work with us and let us decide democratically about the future.
I have ordered a lampshade from you, which will still be delivered.
Now I see that the item is too big/chunky for it and not suitable for my taste.
For this I have already ordered a different suspension from you.
I put it together and then noticed this when I picked up the soft foam.
Very sad about that.
I hope this is returned and I have a full refund.
This is also quite sad, since the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have one more question: the #PRS_ORG# bedspread, is it also available in a larger size, 240/240 for example?
#PRS_ORG# must be able to guarantee that the faulty cabinet will be picked up promptly.
And I ask you to arrange that now.
I do not have suitable packaging, but I will dismantle the cabinet as far as possible for collection - you have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how this can then work.
#PRS_ORG# can always contact me by phone to arrange a pick-up time.
Are there any instructions for assembly?
How long would I have to get it or decide to return it?
How do you answer the question of why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague whom I like.
She herself once lived as a vegetarian for a while, and currently rarely eats meat.
I myself was a vegetarian for several years before that.
When asked if I had always wanted to be vegan and if vegetarianism had been a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without much thought.
Namely, that for a long time I thought that as a vegetarian I would support animal welfare, but at some point I reflected and understood that I was ultimately supporting animal cruelty.
Hence my decision to become vegan.
At that moment, I had the impression that there was displeasure on her part, she then defended vegetarianism and said that she knew where her meat came from and that being a vegetarian reduced animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer was too "clumsy"?
How do you answer the question?
I have the feeling that as a vegan you are quickly put in a corner and conflicts arise, without which you would not bother.
Greetings from a harmony-loving vegan (;
It is clearly not an exception according to § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not release you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I will not be there on the allocated date for #PRS_ORG# to collect my return.
Since I can't be there because of a funeral, that can't be changed, unfortunately.
Can I be given an alternative pick-up time?
From 01.02.#NUMBER# I can be found again throughout.
Lahnstein weir equipped for water rescue: 45,000 Euro grant from the state
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior, Roger Lewentz, presented Mayor Peter Labonte with a grant of 45,000 euros for the new water rescue vehicle of the Lahnstein volunteer fire brigade in the Lahnstein town hall.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in use since November 2020, amounted to 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in security.
I am pleased that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this," says Lahnstein's Lord Mayor Peter Labonte.
The equipment wagon is used by the Lahnstein diving team, one of a total of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and under water, they perform tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, it is expected that the number of visitors will continue to rise: the boom in hotel cruises on the Rhine and Moselle as well as the increasing use of the Lahn as a leisure river are contributing to this.
I bought a book that I could only read 10% of and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
Followed their recommendations but have synced, removed and reloaded the app NOTHING worked.
I'm a bit frustrated because the whole action has already cost me a lot of time and I'm now hoping for help.
Okay, that's that then.
I would like to order 3 items from the collection of #PRS_ORG# for June.
Can I enter an appointment during the ordering process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the aforementioned values are determined in the Fenix laboratory at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values may vary depending on the flashlight used, age and environment.
*: The burning time in the light level includes the burning time with reduced brightness due to the overheating protection.
2) Retailers are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the retailer or distributor from whom they purchased Fenix lights for warranty support with the Fenixlight Limited 'warranty card' and either a commercial invoice or receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts necessary to service our lights.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix will replace a new product within 15 days of purchase for any manufacturing defects if problems occur during normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
If the model has been discontinued, customers will receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers free repair for lamps within 5 years from the date of purchase if a problem occurs during normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
Except for the products and accessories listed above, other Fenix products or free offers are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited lifetime warranty: For luminaires that have exceeded the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifetime repairs, but charge a fee for parts.
The dealer will inform the customer of the cost of the part before the repair.
4) Warranty certificate: Customers request after-sales service from Fenix dealers or resellers by presenting a completed Fenix warranty card, purchase invoice or receipt.
The distributor should offer services to customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover damage or failure caused by:
any defect or damage caused by improper operation, including, but not limited to, operation not in accordance with the warranty or the instructions in the product specification.
For example, the product specification describes that the sealed head must not be disassembled, as this can damage the flashlight and invalidate the warranty.
Any defects or damage caused by other types of behaviour cannot be adequately controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type / model of the warranty object, serial number.
First of all, thank you for facing the whole thing here, I also spent almost a decade in the civil service in a similar job, that is, we were also bearers of arms in the executive branch, I don't want to go any further!
I always find the question of right and left to be very simplistic.
Basically, however, one should say that, of course, the civil servant comes more from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, that should be clear to everyone.
It should also be clear to everyone that, of course, even in a special uniform and weapon carrier, people on the right of conservative magically attract, that these people can then, of course, deal with the lived reality is of course also clear, because of course, in addition to the average white person, you now have many Germans with an immigrant background, women and also homosexuals (and by this I do not mean the exaggeratedly feminine cliché gays, because there are rather few to none of these in the executive branch, but completely normal men and women who you do not notice if they do not tell you) and I can and must rely on these people, because in case of doubt, they will save your life or use it for you.
But even if it sounds funny at first, in my experience these marginal groups also represent a conservative attitude, that is, they are proud of Germany and feel rather less picked on by exaggerated left-wing politics, even if this politics supposedly stands up for them or thinks it has to please them, while they just want to be treated quite normally.
Back to the right-wingers, since of course the police and armed forces are also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme right-wingers there, but the fact that they are allowed to openly express their opinions there or even openly forge any plans that endanger the state is completely exaggerated by the media and also annoys me.
Of course, it happens that even policemen and soldiers who have often been deployed abroad often begin to generalize due to negative experiences and sometimes say things that are controversial or politically incorrect.
It also happens that right-wing like-minded people meet and have a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, such things are well combated and counteracted with political education and enlightenment!
Germany is so internationally enmeshed, and that's a good thing in my opinion, that we couldn't afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks!
Yes, which I don't understand, I also ordered the other basket on the German site.
Why would this come from England?
When I ordered, it was not sold out.
I ordered in November.
but it was confirmed to me in your order confirmation
It's still about my order, which is no longer available.
I was chatting with #NAME# earlier.
Alternatively, could the other #PRS_ORG# basket be delivered to Germany for #NUMBER# euros in black or is this basket also available somewhere in Germany.
I always find only you as a partner company.
but at the top of the edge of the piece of wood are two deep notches that have been filled with something yellow
and on the mirror itself is a small scratch
Neater because of a child?
Hello, I (w32) have been concerned about something for some time.
I'm very disciplined and organized at work (I'm self-employed, very little free time), but all my life I've had a hard time keeping my house clean and tidy.
There are always phases when everything gets left behind, and every now and then it catches up with me and I tidy up and clean.
But it's never the case that "someone might spontaneously come to visit."
My husband is (unfortunately) no better, it bothers me somewhere, but most of the time, housework simply loses out to work and displeasure.
The kitchen is still the most regularly cleaned because we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to become more orderly with child?
We don't have one yet, but we're working on it, and this question has been on my mind for some time.
Because for me I have no incentive, it just doesn't bother me that much, as long as there are no visitors and, for example, there are always fresh clothes and the kitchen is usable.
Does having a child give you a greater incentive or do you remain sloppy?
I look forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, high-quality and anatomically pre-shaped cut, offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus allows almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Preform with special, wide embossing on the joints for improved range of motion (on arms and squats)
In addition to the Focea Comfort 4, the area covered by the Flex System 2 has been more than doubled in order to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels at the joints reduce friction (underarms, arms and squats)
High-quality preforms in the lower back and crotch ensure a snug, perfect fit.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar region increases the flexibility around the back zipper, improving comfort, especially when bending over and mounting and attaching equipment to the surface.
The Free Flex Zone, located around the shoulders and back, guarantees increased flexibility in movements of the arms and back.
Fireskin is a warming, water-repellent material with a special surface structure that provides a high degree of cold protection.
Positioned on the chest, it brings warmth to a sensitive area of the body.
Seamless, thin (-2 mm) face seal on hood increases comfort, sealing and durability (separate hood)
Soft, in-collar zone improves waterproofing with a finely adjustable width adjustment through a flexible, gentle Velcro fastener that does not stick to the lamination or seams
Double cuffs with zippers at the wrists and ankles combine a reversible inner cuff with a soft, laminated neoprene outer cuff
45° notch at the end of the inner cuff for increased elasticity and resilience when tightening.
Long zip at the neck with an Elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on the overall without hood
Long G-Lock P back zipper (overalls without hood) with metal slider and integrated Water Dam system for improved waterproofing (Beuchat patent)
Zippers on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements at all ends of the zips to prevent tearing if excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels glued flush with outer and inner overlap
Edges of outer cuffs hemmed for greater durability
Edges of inner cuffs notched for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system was designed to hold the computer in place, especially for deeper dives (the system is compatible with all current wristband computers)
A career in social work - as someone with an insecure personality disorder?
I trained in software development and have been out of training for about a year now.
Unfortunately, however, I am becoming increasingly aware that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been considering starting again and studying social work for some time.
The problem: I have an insecure (or anxiously avoidant) personality disorder (ASPD).
Roughly speaking, this means that I have no self-esteem and am therefore shy.
I have no problem talking to people in a matter-of-fact way, but I find it very difficult to have casual conversations and I have been told many times that I seem aloof (although I think that has improved).
Can I become a social worker this way?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth club, but rather in, for example, addiction counselling or family support.
But I don't know if the concrete everyday working life is really as I imagine it, and it's difficult to find anything about it on the internet.
The ÄVPS is already causing problems in my job (for me, emotionally), because it drags me down every time there is something to complain about in my code ("already messed up the simplest things again") and I find it difficult to ask more experienced colleagues for help ("I really should know how to do this myself by now"/"I keep him from working with my stupid questions"/"he must really think I'm poor" etc.).
I will probably have these problems in any profession, but I wanted to mention it here.
But have you received the sofa back yet?
Because there was no confirmation of that.
I am waiting for a pick-up appointment
What do they mean by give back, please!
When I download a book on #PRS_ORG#, I get the message Your #PRS_ORG# does not authorize this book
Are there any problems?
I was chatting with #PRS_ORG#, who asked me if I had received a delivery confirmation for my wardrobe.
The bird breaks down the protein ingested with the food in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and uses these to build up its own proteins, which it also needs for feather formation.
The formation of feathers in the nestling and the re-formation of feathers in the moulting bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high demand on the animal's entire organism.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, as this may disrupt the breeding process.
Following this curative administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
The bird breaks down the protein ingested with the food in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and uses these to build up its own proteins, which it also needs for feather formation.
The formation of feathers in the nestling and the re-formation of feathers in the moulting bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high demand on the animal's entire organism.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, as this may disrupt the breeding process.
Following this curative administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
1 g of NEKTON-Bio per 250 ml of water or 100 g of soft food.
It is recommended to prepare only as much drinking water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change water/food daily.
One level measuring spoon (included) corresponds to 1 g of NEKTON-Bio.
In the case of severe damage to the plumage, a double or triple dose of NEKTON-Bio can be given at the beginning, until the beginning of the regrowth of the plumage is visible.
After that, the normal dose is administered until the re-growth of the plumage is fully completed.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored in a dry place away from direct sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Excuse me, but the chair is sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months?
The warranty period in Germany is 24 months.
This is really very bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to say that my order arrived damaged and with pictures attached.
Did you receive this email?
Statement of a community worker in opposition to the statute
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
So I filed a complaint with the municipality.
An employee writes to me that the felling of fruit trees and thus also the walnut is not part of the statute.
In the statute, however, the walnut is explicitly stated as a tree to be protected.
Can I now rely on the employee's statement or not?
On the one hand, I have to be able to rely on expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statute is clear.
Thank you for your answers
We understand that.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I didn't receive a message
Well, then I still have a sofo without use.
Could you offer me a discount or a voucher?
Which were more expensive?
yes, I think so, the only question is whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you verify this?
Breaking news: Serious traffic accident near Selb
Recently, a serious traffic accident occurred on St 2179 between the junction Selb-Nord and Plößberg.
As the press alert of the police currently informs (14:03 o'clock), a car has come into oncoming traffic while overtaking.
There are injured people.
Ah okay, I understand.
Well, thank you again for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for furthering your career
First of all, Merry Christmas to you!
Unfortunately, my Christmas is moderately good, because my dear head is thinking about everything that can be thought about.
Before I digress here .. in short: I need advice and preferably from people who somehow know my situation - that is, from you.
I'm currently refereeing as a lateral entrant.
Originally, I studied something else and also worked in a field there (to remain at least a little anonymous, I won't name anything more specific here).
But the whole thing was too boring for me and I looked for alternatives that could be more fun for me.
At some point I ended up in teaching and I was sure that it was - even if the framework conditions are much more inflexible than in my previous profession, but that didn't matter to me.
I've now arrived at the third "I Google other job postings."
And it's only been half a year.
The times before, I always decided to keep going and at least finish the ref, after that I can still turn around.
But right now I'm absolutely done.
I've had so little free time over the last month that I'm completely exhausted.
Now it's the holidays, but there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref, I always thought I was stress-resistant, but then my weekend was also my weekend and my day off was my day off.
I had the day off.
And the stress at work didn't matter in those moments.
Now even the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures, which also annoy me.
Basically, it's fun and, from the outside, the ref is also doing well in terms of feedback and so on.
But I'm completely exhausted and wonder how much stress my body can take before it shuts down completely - if it isn't already.
I wonder if I want to be like this for the rest of my working life - especially when I read some of your contributions here - or if I shouldn't go back to the old area, where I was valued, could take time off when I needed it, and found the work somewhat boring, but was paid appropriately for it and worked together in a team and not as a lone fighter as is the case most of the time now.
But then I wonder if, in a year's time, I won't have ended up in the same place as I am now and be dissatisfied.
You realise it's all a bit of a mess, but maybe you, as an outsider, have some advice or ideas as to how I can get out of this situation where I'm completely exhausted and start crying at the slightest thought.
I'm not going to make decisions so emotionally right now, that probably won't lead to anything good.
But maybe your views will help me to see at least a little light at the end of the tunnel - or to be able to enjoy Christmas, that's enough for now.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whiny undertone.
I hope my situation has become at least a little clearer.
Since its introduction in 2001, VOX's Valvetronix series has continued to evolve, which has led, among other things, to the combination of advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly reproduces the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X amps, we are introducing a brand new modeling engine that is absolutely state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to VET technology (Virtual Element Technology), which is based on the analysis of components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers offer an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also contain the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamplifier.
This is partly based on real analog circuits, because they simply get the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier better than any simulation.
In addition to this ingenious circuit, the VTX amplifiers offer a closed cabinet and a bass reflex system, from which the natural resonances just bubble.
With VOX's "Tone Room" software, you can even correct and bend historical facts on the virtual plane until the amp and effects sound the way you've always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been refined several times since then to meet newly added sound requirements, which in 2010 again led to a performance boost of the VOX Valvetronix series - with more dynamics and more numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series has also been designed so that all guitarists looking for maximum sound variety will find it here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: they expect a fat sound, a nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string tension as well as a prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that it is primarily the power amplifier that determines the tube character of an amplifier and used this finding to develop the VOX Valve Reactor technology.
The Valve Reactor circuit of each VT+ amplifier, equipped with a 12AX7 tube, perfectly reproduces the behaviour, subtle nuances and tonal character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Despite 20 points from Wagner: Magic lose to Clippers
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it's not enough to beat the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually placed and foldable Velcro dividers, it adapts to the needs of your photographic equipment and is therefore suitable for all types of cameras - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-format SLR cameras.
Of course, what fits in the backpack depends on the size of the camera and the lenses.
A possible configuration would be a DSLR camera with one attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses and a clip-on flash.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models of the Sony a7 series or a Fuji X-T2 still leave room for additional lenses.
In addition, you can store a lot of accessories.
And if you have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E series) you can use the backpack for your equipment and for non-photographic things.
The Everyday Backpack 20L is also an ideal choice for drone pilots, as the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably the longest in history
In the almost three months since the beginning of the eruption, the lava flows on the Canary Island have caused great damage.
Is there an end in sight?
With a duration of now 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma since Sunday is the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary Island.
Until now, the eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585, which lasted 84 days, was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
There is no reliable data on previous outbreaks.
The activity of the as yet unnamed volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has decreased somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists still dare not predict when it might end.
The indicators point to a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," the president of the island council, Mariano Hernandez Zapata, told state broadcaster RTVE.
Damages in the millions
In the almost three months since the beginning of the eruption, the lava, which is more than 1000 degrees, has destroyed almost 2900 houses and other buildings, as RTVE reported.
Almost 1200 hectares were covered by a metre-thick layer of lava.
This corresponds to almost 1700 football pitches.
More than 7,000 residents had to be evacuated, and the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Off the coast, two new headlands with a combined size of about 50 hectares were created by cooled lava.
Particularly hard hit was the banana industry, which is immensely important for the island, and from which about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly, and which was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, and other areas were severely affected, wrote the newspaper "El País."
Christmas and the gifts
Christmas is just around the corner and children in particular can hardly wait for the heavenly festival.
The many colourful gifts under the Christmas tree, combined with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling excitement, have something seductive about them.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still hold our increasingly divided society together.
This makes it all the more important to become aware of the Christmas tradition of gift-giving, so that the gesture of gift-giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss was a peacemaking "social contract of natural peoples," can escape the rigid routine and be filled with life again in the context of this tradition.
How Nicholas became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who closely linked the Christmas holidays with gift-giving.
Previously, gifts were given in one way or another on St. Nicholas' Day.
The background of this custom, which is still popular today, is that Saint Nicholas, as bishop of Myra, secretly threw gold into the windows of three women in one night to save them from another life of sin.
This unconventional form of gift-giving gave rise to the popular German custom of filling children's boots with presents.
Protestants objected to this custom because they rejected intermediaries between God and man as "saint worship."
For these reasons, they oppose the institution.
Martin Luther turned St. Nicholas into the Christ Child and thus founded a new tradition.
The focus of gift-giving thus shifted to Christmas Eve.
Since most Protestants no longer see such detailed questions so narrowly, only a few are annoyed that the custom of Saint Nicholas, similar to the custom of Martin with Martin's singing and Martin's procession, is still an integral part of the pre-Christmas period.
Today, you can find everything your heart desires in Boots in front of the door and under the Christmas tree, from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources document a tradition of gift-giving since the 13th century on the day of Saint Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of giving gifts was moved to Christmas Eve.
In all Christian countries, however, there is a happy cuddle over the question of who will bring the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the respective region whether the Christ Child appears on Christmas Eve or Santa Claus, who is basically a kind of St. Nicholas, to whom some peculiarities have been assigned over time.
These include, for example, his white bushy beard, which has little in common with the rather severe Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sleigh, which is pulled by reindeer, and the preference for the fireplace to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain, the Three Wise Men give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the baby Jesus.
In Scandinavia, mythical creatures sometimes bring the gifts, while in Russia, Father Frost gained some fame.
Here it is not reindeer, but three horses that pull his sleigh as a troika.
In the Czech Republic, the motherland of the Reformation in the wake of the Hussite wars, the Christ Child is responsible for handing over the gifts.
Been getting this error message for 3 weeks now when trying to download a new book, but my account and contact details are up to date:
Please help me troubleshoot this because I
otherwise buy another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
I requested a return label for my order #NUMBER# last week and this morning.
I was told that one would be sent to me.
Since I haven't received one yet (not even in the SPAM folder), I wanted to ask how long this usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near royal palace
An armed man was shot dead by police near Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police said callers reported a man with a gun walking into a bank and a bookmaker's shop.
According to the authorities, the man fled in a vehicle, which was stopped by officers a short time later.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
Several embassies are located in the area around Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
which ones?
No matter where I click, I am immediately redirected to your site.
The decorative lamp blends harmoniously into any bed, garden area or rock garden.
The lamp is easy to set up and can be anchored in the ground with 2 spikes.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar module for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Lighting time max. 10 hours
- The robust plastic version can be used outdoors all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow with color inside.
On the other hand, "Smart Stone" is completely harmless: the sun alone ensures that this solar lamp shines fascinatingly - either in white or coloured light (in six different shades).
The edgeless, amorphous design is a deliberate choice: by day, this modern light object looks like a naturally shaped large pebble.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment - whether on the edge of the terrace, in the lawn or in the stone bed.
It also does well in the vicinity of larger pebbles and boulders, where it can hold its own thanks to its size.
You can save yourself a lot of preparatory work: as a solar lamp, "Smart Stone" requires neither a supply line nor batteries.
Place the "beacon" in any place exposed to the sun during the day.
Two included spikes provide a firm hold if necessary.
The matt white plastic cover itself is robust and weatherproof.
Its solar module hides "Smart Stone" discreetly inside, together with its battery and two LEDs - one for white light, the other for coloured light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight falls on the housing.
As dusk falls, "Smart Stone" begins to light up automatically; you can choose the colour yourself: six attractive light colours are available to you - in addition to daylight white.
It also switches off automatically as soon as the battery charge level has fallen to a predetermined minimum or it gets light again.
As soon as the sun shines again, the charging cycle starts all over again the next day.
I've done this several times and it doesn't work.
Too bad, I would have liked to continue ordering from you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, then I will no longer order on principle.
If you change your mind, let me know.
Otherwise, today was the last contact.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
In the lockdown, no hardware store has opened anyway.....
The engine control of the LokSound 5 has once again been fundamentally improved.
A variably adjustable PWM clock frequency from 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super-quiet operation, especially for bell armature motors - the typical "humming" is a thing of the past.
The load control can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function allows the decoder to be automatically calibrated to the motor.
With up to 1.5A motor current, the LokSound 5 decoder provides enough juice even for older motors.
- please use the Ebay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are summarized correctly.
- You will receive an email with the tracking number.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT from the specialist dealer for each purchase of new goods.
- we usually process your order or request within 24 hours on working days.
The pill problem
Hello dear womenfolk,
I hope I'm doing everything right here, this is actually my first post after a year on reddit.
As for my problem: I started taking the pill again out of necessity about five years ago, mainly because I had such incredibly bad period pain and shitty pre-period PMS.
Now I would like to leave it at that, because I already have to take enough medication for chronic illnesses, which I can't choose.
My main problem, surprisingly, is not the pain, but my skin.
During my last break of about two years, I went from 0 to 100 and explosively got pimples and they were everywhere.
So far so superficial, but it put a lot of strain on me and I didn't feel well.
During the two-year break, things never really returned to normal.
Maybe someone has some tips to avoid that this time.
My cosmetics are already perfume-free and free of gunk, but maybe there's something someone can recommend.
Unfortunately, the gynaecologist didn't take me that seriously and the dermatologist's appointment is still to come.
Many thanks to everyone who has read through the novel!
Yes, the dear skin is such a thing.
Had pre-pubescent bad eczema, then a period of rest, then extensive nodular lichen and the acne issue.
I tried everything in the way of nutrition, even in the course of chronic illness, and I got stuck on a sugar, milk and low-meat diet, because nothing else worked really well.
It may well be that Hormonell just has the worm in it, but if, like me, you have construction sites everywhere, you don't want to go looking for what else is going wrong.
I already had everything from her colleague semina and the like.
Wrote and now I've lost the conversation and don't know what was replied to my query.
I always have to work in between and answer the phone and suddenly everything was gone...
what's there to check, if the money was there I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but it is generally available in large
since it is available in black large
The Zappiti 4K HDR series - The best film experience ever!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for the best image quality, outstanding performance and the best possible user-friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you convenient and intuitive access to your entire film library in stunning 4K high-definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti players are used successfully all over the world to improve the film experience, both in the home and in commercial environments.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the most advanced 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video file formats, full BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with a billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and has a wide, solid housing, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best possible home theater experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers outstanding image quality - far better than the previous generations - with improved dynamics, precise color representation, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or a front projector, you will be amazed by the image quality of your display!
3D also offers better image depth and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote control.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included).
Network Playback: Special network optimization that guarantees better performance when playing over the local network, regardless of the type of media, thanks to the SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100.
Universal RC: Seamless integration into smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much, since I've been waiting for it since September.
Now nothing works.
My account appears to be locked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that, according to the manufacturer or operating instructions, use the products specified above.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist dealer in toner production
All listed company and brand names as well as all mentioned type designations are the property of the respective legitimate manufacturers and rights holders.
Their mention is for guidance only and to indicate the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
Which vouchers???
I didn't get my voucher credited with my last order!
In the name of the people: Lay people make judgments with
In the courtroom, they sit on the judge's bench in everyday clothes.
But a lot depends on their verdict, even if they are not wearing robes: lay judges determine with professional judges whether and for how long someone will go behind bars.
Two of them talk to "Oeffentliche" about their time at the Bad Kreuznach district court: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the district court on John-F.-Kennedy-Strasse.
Hello, unfortunately I can't get into my customer account.
Could you please send me the invoice from the order number #NUMBER# again to the above e-mail address?
Can we dispose of the material of the packaging?
We don't have the means to keep them that long.
We would use the table as offered by them as if it were our own.
I had already ordered the same armchair in blue in November and received it. Therefore, because they are so beautiful, I would now have one in grey.
Does the cabinet have to be completely dismantled for collection and refund?
and when would the pick-up be?
New 110 kV underground cable to be built in 2022
The approval for the laying of the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally binding.
The planning approval decision of the government of Lower Bavaria clears the way for construction, which is to begin in 2022.
This has now been announced by the network operator Bayernwerk.
The approximately seven-kilometer-long underground cable will connect the Tann substation in the north of the municipality and the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable will be connected to an overhead line mast near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning,
My order from 03.01.21 with the order number #NUMBER# has so far only arrived in parts.
The blue request number: #PRS_ORG# with the shipment number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the note "delivery not possible."
All three other packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me what happens next?
Have a great start to the week!
You can forget that, I already explained that several times yesterday!!
It's a glass chest of drawers and the entire sides are cracked, so there's glass everywhere and the box is broken
The chest of drawers is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to enter the apartment because of #PRS_ORG# regulations
This means that the chest of drawers cannot be collected, because no one is allowed to enter my apartment.
Thanks for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it's in all the books, that's why I asked #PRS_ORG#, as it's probably a general problem.
Ref: Planning lessons (EC)
Hello dear colleagues,
I've been at the Ref since the summer, I enjoy teaching, but I'm currently having a lot of trouble planning my geography lessons in a time-efficient way.
Unfortunately, my school is not well equipped technically, so I can basically only use the blackboard, the textbook and an OHP as a medium.
At school, I can only copy b/w for free (which is annoying for geography).
At the moment, it just takes me a long time to plan my lessons.
For example, we are currently working on the topic of geofactors, and for me, each hour stands on its own.
In principle, the methods are always repeated, but on the other hand, I don't want to invest an excessive amount of time even for simple lessons (I also need that for UBs, etc.).
When planning, I always start with the learning goal (what I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build on it (mostly I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school does not have).
We have the book Terra and I am rather dissatisfied with most of the tasks in the book.
Hence the worksheets.
Maybe a geography teacher can show me how to work with the book in a time-efficient way.
I would be really happy.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from order #NUMBER#.
I have actually already decided on a new one at #PRS_ORG#, but I would like to process the return as quickly as possible.
Retailers fear for their Christmas business because of the 2G regulation.
In most shops, only those who have been vaccinated or have recovered are allowed to enter.
Retailers consider this to be unnecessary and complain of a drop in sales.
He also has a possible solution.
From the point of view of the German Retail Federation (HDE), the 2G regulations are spoiling the important Christmas business for retailers.
HDE Managing Director Stefan Genth criticised the slump in sales of non-daily consumer goods.
According to a recent survey by the HDE of 1100 retailers, more than 70 percent of companies had a negative view of the remaining days of the year.
Many have already written off their Christmas business.
"What should be the positive highlight of the year is now often a bottomless pit," said Genth.
According to this, retailers with 2G access restrictions lost almost a third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
Things are only going well in food retail and online.
The association called for consequences to be drawn from the dramatic development.
Shopping with a mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe affair, said the managing director.
"2G for shopping will not help us in the fight against the pandemic," he stressed.
The current regulations deterred customers and required a high level of staffing.
The wristband regulation must be approved nationwide, he demanded.
According to this, each customer would only have to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would have access to all stores that day with the received band.
In addition, random checks should be sufficient in the retail trade - as is already the case in public transport with the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested).
The real estate group Deutsche Euroshop, which specialises in shopping centres, also spoke of difficult Christmas business.
Without 2G, frequencies were recently at a good 75 percent of the pre-corona level, and revenues at around 90 percent.
These figures will now certainly fall in the middle of the all-important Christmas business," said CEO Wilhelm Wellner to "Wirtschaftswoche."
Due to the high personnel and administrative effort, attempts are being made to find solutions for the centers and to get them approved.
This includes the so-called ribbon solution, in which "visitors, for example, provide their 2G proof at a central point in the center and then - equipped with a wristband similar to a club hotel - can enter all stores undisturbed." dpa
I recently ordered and received the #PRS_ORG#.
The mirror has a scratch and there is also a mistake on the frame, which was tried to be covered up with a yellow filler.
That doesn't look good.
I would like to return the mirror and have already put it back in the package and taped it up.
How do I proceed with the return?
The lamp is designed for dual balance, based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
A modern microprocessor with extraordinary possibilities ensures the adjustment of the color temperature and brightness of the lamp.
In addition to brightness adjustment, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to manually set and save the colour temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K.
Use the current settings in the flash memory.
A special feature of the controller is that it is simple and intuitive to use.
The luminaire produces a very luminous flux with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The 120-degree beam angle, which allows you to illuminate large areas at a relatively small distance, is excellent.
By the way, also in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness virtually without changing the color temperature.
It's a great tool for working on a film set or in the studio.
The optionally available DMX512 controller allows remote control of the luminaire in television studios or when the luminaire is mounted in hard-to-reach places.
At the back of the lamp is the control panel, it consists of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
Furthermore, there is the slot for the NP-F batteries (not included)
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To carry out the settings of the individual settings on the memory slots, simply press and hold one of the memory buttons and that's it.
The memory controller stores the current state of the lamp when it is switched off, so that the familiar situation is restored when it is switched on again - very handy for studio work, for example, when the camera is set to certain colour temperatures.
Working with battery one of the biggest strengths of the DL3120 functionality stems from the possibility of operating with cheap NP-F batteries.
These are often already owned by photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can fall back on existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check whether the batteries have enough power before the set - there is a battery tester built in - for each of the two battery compartments a value in the two display displays (the left battery top display, the right one on the bottom display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply the headlight with power via the supplied power supply unit.
The construction of the headlight is very simple.
They have a 16mm sleeve for attachment as a connection, so you can connect directly to your photo tripod.
The inclination can be reliably adjusted using locking devices on both sides.
Care has been taken to ensure that the mechanical components are also of extremely high quality and are therefore also designed for longevity and hard use.
In addition, a tilt joint is included.
It's great that a bag is included in the delivery.
So you can safely transport or store the lamp with all the accessories you may want to buy without any problems.
Too bad, I got it as a gift and it's too small: (
"The party we wanted to throw": Frankfurt celebrates after a goal-laden comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, Hesse, who have been winless twice in a row recently, seemed to be on their way to another Bundesliga defeat.
But then SGE picked themselves up, shook off the frustration of a mixed start to the season in the space of just over an hour and stormed to a 5-2 victory. "It's amazing what the boys have done today," cheered coach Oliver Glasner on DAZN and heaped "total praise on every single person who was there."
At the beginning, it looked like another setback for the Frankfurt team, which is now in ninth place and still below their expectations.
Patrik Schick had given Leverkusen a 2-0 lead.
What happened next also impressed the SGE coach.
"How the players then came back and put in a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I'm incredibly happy with the performance we showed and, of course, with the result.
Defender Christopher Lenz, who was back on the pitch for the first time since the fourth matchday and his overcome muscle injury, also emphasised the morale of his team-mates.
"I think our mentality is incredible," said the 27-year-old and, looking at the result, he was particularly pleased for the spectators.
This was the party we wanted to throw today.
However, Glasner now wants to keep the focus on himself for the upcoming tasks, but also sees himself as well positioned in terms of the personnel situation.
It is extraordinary that we have all the players fit in December, that all the players are physically in top condition.
It is top work in our medical department, but the players also live a highly professional life.
Now they want to "proceed step by step and remain modest" and carry out the tasks "at this level" until the turn of the year.
Next up is an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach on Wednesday as part of the English week (18:30, Sky).
I just received the mail that my package will be returned to you due to an error on my part.
I tried to call #PRS_ORG# and get it redirected, no chance.
Can it be re-sent directly to me or do I have to wait until the money is returned and place the order again?
Unfortunately, for me, that would mean that I would not order again, because it has already taken a very long time.
Have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Dampener for women's handball ahead of quarter-final against Spain
Germany's women's handball team slunk off the pitch with hanging heads and blank stares after the humiliation against Denmark.
At the end of the World Cup main round, the DHB selection suffered a bitter defeat at 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and now has to face host Spain in the quarter-finals.
"We were far too scared and had too much respect for the opponent," said national coach Henk Groener.
We have to play differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round group III with 8:2 points as second behind the Danes (10:0).
It's a shame we couldn't take the flow with us.
Of all of them, that was a bad game that we have to erase," said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight for a place in the semi-finals, the 2019 World Championship runner-up will have to improve significantly next Tuesday in order to keep the tender dream of the first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German thrower in the duel with the three-time Olympic champion Denmark was backcourt player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
"We just weren't there - neither in attack nor in defence," conceded backcourt player Xenia Smits and demanded: "We have to look ahead quickly now."
Not up to scratch from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not at its best at kick-off.
Missed throws and technical errors in the attack and gaps in the defense were responsible for a quick 0:4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately up to speed and prevented worse with some saves.
The DHB team scored the first goal after 9:30 minutes, when Grijseels successfully completed a quick counter-attack.
However, this was not the hoped-for initial spark.
The German women were hardly able to stand up to the aggressive defense of the Danes - and if they did, they mostly failed against the strong Althea Reinhardt in the goal of the Scandinavians.
At 3:10 after 20 minutes, the game was over early, especially since backcourt player Mia Zschocke also saw red a little later for a hard foul on her opponent.
However, she will be allowed to participate again in the quarter-finals.
It was only in the final phase of the first half that the DHB selection came into the game a little better and came close to at least five goals by the break.
The already faint hope of catching up after the change was already gone after seven minutes at 9:19.
Again, the Groener protégés sinned in all areas and made it easy for the well-rested opponent, who is one of the medal candidates in the final round.
As a result, the German team was no longer able to improve its performance and left the floor as a clear loser.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family traditions at Christmas time
As part of the Reddit Advent Calendar, we've got hold of St Nicholas' Day and are using it as an opportunity to look at family traditions in the run-up to Christmas, Advent, St Nicholas, Christmas Eve and the Christmas holidays.
What was it like at home back then?
Like with your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is best for the children?
The boot polishing?
Baking cookies?
Decorating trees?
Will there be music?
Is Santa Claus coming, the Christ Child or is the gift from grandma and grandpa?
No matter how you do it, everyone tries to have as nice a time as possible as a family at and around Christmas.
Whether these are firm traditions, or even something different every year: tell us how it went or goes in your family!
please send me any transaction number.. or anything else that might help
Confirmation of transfer... etc
I would like to give a voucher code
as with #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers
Can they do that?
The title implies that I work as a vaccinator in mobile vaccination teams, in which (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is vaccinated, especially in nursing homes.
Since these will soon be largely completed, I will then continue my work, in part, in vaccination centres.
I am happy to answer questions without a time limit on the organizational and human aspects, as well as medical questions, as long as they are not personal (e.g. "I take medication X, is it compatible with the vaccination...").
My area of responsibility includes the education for the vaccination, the indication (person is entitled to a vaccination according to corona vaccination regulations and no reasons that speak against it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, the emergency care in case of allergic reactions (never happened to me before).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, e.g. medical specialists.
In vaccination teams, however, we often do not have anyone with us, but "only" (for God's sake, no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for vaccine preparation, but who cannot (are not allowed to?) carry out vaccinations, so that I also carry out most vaccinations there myself.
Serious "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the solution
What is a "Huidlerer"?
This dialect word, sent in by an Amberger, caused a lot of thought in the BR television programme "Wir in Bayern."
But unlike on many previous days, the term in the series "Host mi?" this time remained unguessed by the callers.
No, it wasn't a "person who is nervous."
And also no one "who has to do everything quickly."
People heard from the TV presenter that this was completely untrue.
To which the man from Amberg communicated the solution and thus probably caused astonishment among many people from the Upper Palatinate.
"The Huidlerer," the audience learned, "is a rag with which someone wipes out the oven."
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, who has been interviewed as an expert by Bavarian Television for years, confirmed this.
With the comment that this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, somehow derived from the more well-known dialect word "Houdern."
As a result, an educational gap was closed - probably also for many who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I haven't been able to buy books for two weeks.
After confirmation, the following error message always appears: oops - something went wrong - try again later.
I restarted the #PRS_ORG# gel#PRS_ORG#n, connected it to the PC, synchronized it and repaired it.
Nothing helped.
Tyre choice for racing bikes - really so puncture-proof?
This morning I woke up full of energy because I wanted to do at least some training in preparation for my bike ride next week.
Said and done, I set off on my racing bike, which I bought on eBay yesterday.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then happened what lurks in every city centre (this time: thank you Krefeld!).
Shards of glass on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tire didn't want to go the rest of the way.
Since I had no real opportunity to get a replacement coat and a replacement hose due to the day of the week, I had to turn around again in a rather bad mood and take the first possible train home.
Then it wasn't so bad in terms of mood, maybe it's better if I practice changing the tire again before the bike ride.
But now I'm faced with a question and I hope you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long distance ahead of me over several days, I would be very reluctant to get this problem more often.
Now it really wasn't bad, since there were also the old tires from the previous owner (very nice old man, ripped off 120km on the day I came to pick up the bike until 2 pm!) and who had already described them as suboptimal, because he had been rolling with them for several years.
But when I think about the fact that I still have to change a tyre after 80-90kms, I think I'm in a really bad mood:D
Now I got into a conversation with an elderly man on the platform, who asked me in bewilderment why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tyres; these are supposed to be non-flat.
Now, of course, the whole thing sounds very tempting.
But are they really so indestructible?
I don't want to spend 40€/tire, only to be disappointed.
I also ask myself: I currently have 25x622 on the road bike, I think.
There are also (apparently?) Marathon Plus tyres, but most of them are wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you generally recommend different tyres for a road bike?
The Schwalbe side seems to my absolute! lay knowledge rather to recommend the Durano DD?
Thanks in advance for the help and best regards!
Car slams into tree: Driver fatally injured
The 53-year-old had collided with a median strip on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten for an unknown reason and then hit the oncoming traffic, the police announced.
There, there was a head-on collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The 53-year-old's car was then thrown against a tree and the man was trapped in the car.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the accident and taken to nearby hospitals.
yes we did we deleted all books reauthorized everything and loaded new books
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free of metals that are harmful to health.
The group of companies strives to use recipes without regulated or questionable ingredients without affecting the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging are made of recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please only return empty containers for recycling.
Take containers of leftovers to the problem waste site.
Labelling: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the latest labelling regulations.
The classification, classification, award is carried out according to GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EC in the currently valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EC, Article 31 and Annex II, in the currently valid form.
For many DUPLI-COLOR spray paints, spray protection and a tamper-proof cap prevent unauthorized use.
Observe the corresponding instructions on the cap or label.
Always read and follow the warnings carefully before use!
Will I receive a confirmation by email?
Your colleagues have already assured me of this on three occasions... how reliable is your information?
When will the shipping company contact me?
I already wrote,didn't you get my sms?
After the release of our new high-end wide-band B 100- 6 OHM, it was only a matter of time until our SOLO series would also get new offspring.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offspring and is visually reminiscent of the great role models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, an appropriately designed foot is directly included in this construction proposal to raise the loudspeaker to the correct listening position.
This has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adjusted in length according to the conditions at home.
In principle, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people for whom the maximum volume plays a rather subordinate role, but who want to achieve an exceptionally high level of sound.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not capable of producing such high sound pressure levels almost unfiltered.
However, this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, she appears remarkably grown-up and, for her size, extremely impressive and accurate.
Tonally, the SOLO 15 was tuned with a slight rise in the treble.
This is generally the case with widebands in order to optimize the excessive frequency clustering.
Precisely aligned to the listening position, the SOLO 15 convinces with very clear and fine sound.
Slightly turned outwards, the treble range can be reduced, creating a warmer sound.
Thanks to the point sound source, the location of the individual components of a piece of music in the optimal stereo triangle is razor-sharp and amazingly precise.
The extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM, which can be used as a reference, create an enemy dynamic that is second to none.
The SOLO 15 not only complements our SOLO series, but also extends it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
As with all our kits, it is advisable to think about the final appearance of the loudspeaker at the beginning in order to plan appropriate changes during construction.
If, for example, you want to veneer the enclosures, the lowering of the loudspeaker must be adjusted accordingly, as the veneer applies material again.
After all the plates have been cut (e.g. at the hardware store), you should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base plate at the appropriate place in order to be able to pass the cable there later without any problems.
With the help of a router, the loudspeaker opening in the front now follows, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can later be used flush.
On the back, this opening should be provided with a 45° bevel to make the opening surface of the loudspeaker chassis inside as large as possible.
The four bolting points of the B 100 - 6 OHM are interrupted in the chamfer, as shown in the picture "Detail chamfer."
Then you start with the actual construction of the box and place one of the two side walls on a flat surface in front of you.
The back wall, lid, front and base are now glued onto this.
The three stiffeners should also be used and glued.
The reinforcements themselves can vary in material thickness if necessary, if, for example, you want to use ready-made strips from the hardware store instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
In the next step, the second side is attached.
This is followed by all the plates of the foot, i.e. the two sides, as well as the front.
Using a suitable hole saw or a Forstner drill, it is easier to attach the openings of the bass reflex tube, as well as the connection terminal on the back wall.
Then you use a round cutter to round off all the edges of the actual box.
The top of the footplate can also be rounded off with it.
Subsequently, the footplate is firmly glued to the foot of the housing and additionally screwed on with long wood screws.
This is followed by the marking and pre-drilling (2.5 mm drill) of the screw connection points of the loudspeaker chassis and the connection terminal.
After the enclosure has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuuming / blowing out), start laying the cable.
The easiest way to do this is through the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the back panel.
The entire and uncut cable is pushed piece by piece through the 8 mm hole in the foot to the terminal opening, where it protrudes by about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the case, you lead the cable to the speaker opening and let it hang out there loosely.
Subsequently, the crossover is prepared and used.
The construction plan of the crossover, as well as the corresponding connection plan, can be found in the following document: Installation instructions crossover Solo 15.
If the crossover is installed and the connection terminal is screwed, the sealing follows the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely closed.
Through the 35 mm bASSREFLEX opening and with a little skill, you can drip hot glue on the opening and close it.
By opening the B 100 - 6 OHM and using a small lamp, you can check the seal accordingly.
Now the damping follows according to the description.
Then the B 100 - 6 OHM is connected and fastened with the appropriate screws.
The polarity plays an important role here, so that the positive line (marked cable) must be soldered to the positive terminal of the loudspeaker (larger contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and plugged in.
For damping, a mat of the damping material is cut into two parts and loosely distributed in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex channel should be kept free.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered at the beginning of June?
> Hello everyone,
> finally we can announce that we will host the OSCAST again this year!
> Unfortunately, for well-known reasons, it is not possible for us to get more than four people into the studio, which has meant a higher level of planning and explains the short notice of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people per channel, so we will watch the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We do our best to avoid delays or other problems.
But hey, it's still a pandemic - still, we'll do our best to make the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
> It will start at about 0:30.
Get your drinks chilled, plan some good food and get ready for a long but very interesting night.
The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee corresponds to 40% of the value of the goods....
I'm a #PRS_ORG# major customer and so it's not a problem for me.
I just need a number or instructions on what to include in the package so that you can track it as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago... for 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
To be honest, I find that very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and order again for the better price or is there another way to get a credit?
In principle, I also think that children should not be expected to take on a parenting role for their little siblings.
However, I think it is also good for older siblings to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Take a look, help out, bring the bottle, etc.
In this way they learn responsibility, help out in the family and are involved.
As long as they can still be enough children themselves, I don't see a problem.
If your K1 is busy on his own for a short time and he's OK with it, that's good.
You can judge for yourself whether this is right for your children.
It's not like he's supposed to wrap K2 and accompany him to sleep for hours.
Legally speaking, it's probably questionable.
Maybe that's why the psychologist's statement comes.
Because if something should actually happen like a fire, burglary, earthquake, alien invasion etc. it would actually be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether that's a risk you want to take is of course up to you;)
Please help me find the title of a book again!
I remember reading a crime / thriller a few years ago and I can still remember almost the entire plot, but I can't think of the title anymore maybe someone here knows...
The story was about fear and treating it.
At the beginning of the story, an animal keeper commits suicide by dousing himself with food and going to his big cats' enclosure.
The case is taken over by a commissioner who, after a short investigation, gets into his therapist who runs a clinic where he treats fearful patients.
The inspector has a little niece who is also afraid (of fire) and ends up with this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is hired anonymously before each suicide to go to the scene of the suicide and document it and put the photos on the internet.
Anyway, it turns out that this therapist runs some kind of underground therapy group where the patients are implanted with a chip that suppresses a fear center in the brain and the patients end up facing their fears in the most extreme way.
(a woman jumps out of the window, another drives herself to her death on purpose)
This facing of fear is called "the fight" in the book.
In the end there is a big showdown in the clinic that had to do with a fire.
That's the rough plot I'm pretty sure the book was originally written by a French author.
If this plot is known to anyone or even someone can tell me the title of the book, I would be very happy.
Oh my, I don't have the wifi password available.
First I have to contact my husband.
But that can take time.
What steps do I have to take afterwards?
Is it also possible to get the price difference refunded?
Child, 4 y., splinter under the thumbnail
Child, four years old, has splinters of wood under the thumbnail (outside) along the entire length.
Tried to pull him with tweezers.
Very difficult to grab.
Didn't work and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No more chances.
Tomorrow we go to the doctor.
All Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools are carefully checked, tested and are subject to the strict controls of Bosch quality assurance.
Bosch therefore gives a guarantee for Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools.
The buyer's claims for liability for defects arising from the purchase contract with the seller and statutory rights are not restricted by this guarantee.
We provide a guarantee for these tools in accordance with the following conditions:
We provide a guarantee in accordance with the following regulations (Nos. 2 - 7) by remedying defects in the tool free of charge, which can be proven to be due to a material or manufacturing defect within the guarantee period.
The warranty period is 24 months, 12 months for commercial or professional use or equivalent stress.
The guarantee period begins with the purchase by the first customer.
The date on the original purchase receipt is decisive.
For all commercial, blue power tools and measuring tools purchased from September 1, 2004 (with the exception of high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers and compressed air tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks of the date of purchase.
Battery packs and chargers as well as supplied accessories are excluded from this warranty extension.
Registration can only be done on the Internet at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
The registration receipt, which must be printed out immediately, and the original purchase receipt, which shows the date of purchase, are considered confirmation.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data to be entered there.
Excluded from the guarantee are: Parts that are subject to normal or other natural wear and tear, as well as defects in the tool that can be traced back to normal or other natural use, abnormal environmental conditions, irrelevant operating conditions, overload or lack of maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessories, supplementary or spare parts that are not original Bosch parts.
Tools where changes or additions have been made.
Minor deviations from the target condition that are irrelevant to the value and usability of the tool.
The defect recognized by us as subject to a guarantee is rectified in such a way that, at our discretion, we repair the defective tool free of charge or replace it with a perfect tool (possibly also a successor model).
Replaced tools or parts become our property.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Distance Selling Act, I have a right of withdrawal of 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
The combination of digital decoder and sound module on a printed circuit board allows us to achieve dimensions of only 30mm x15.5mm and can therefore be installed in almost any H0 and 0 gauge locomotive.
LokSound 5 decoders are offered with all common interfaces and always come with an 11x15mm "sugar cube" speaker and sound capsule kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a real multi-protocol decoder.
It can handle the DCC data format just like Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In the DCC format, 14 to 128 speed steps are as natural as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders register fully automatically with a suitable digital control center.
It masters all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom®, the CV values on the main track can be read out with the appropriate control panels.
Auxiliary registers exist for control panels that can only program CVs from 1-255.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speed steps at 255 addresses.
Three more Motorola® addresses enable 16 functions to be triggered.
A built-in programming mode also makes reprogramming possible with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic registration with mfx®-compatible control panels.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes the Märklin® braking sections as well as ZIMO® HLU braking commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
Braking with DCC braking modules or with direct current is also possible.
In addition, it also stops with a Selectrix® braking diode.
An ABC automatic shuttle train enables automatic commuting between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analog DC and AC railways.
After my voucher is no longer extended due to a complaint that I did not receive, I will place my order worth approx.
Remove #NUMBER#€ from my shopping cart and order somewhere else where customer friendliness is more important and I don't have to type my fingers sore to achieve anything!!
What should I do with this number then??
Because of omicron: Johnson wants to promote booster vaccination
Politics and science in Great Britain are getting more and more new omicron cases.
All qualifying adults in England should therefore receive a vaccination offer by the New Year.
London - In view of the rapidly increasing number of omicrons, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to make even faster progress on the corona booster vaccinations than previously planned.
Every adult in England should have the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year if at least three months have passed since the second vaccination, Johnson said in a pre-recorded video message to his compatriots on Sunday evening.
So far, the target date has been the end of January.
The British government will provide additional support to speed up vaccination campaigns in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
In view of the omicron variant, one is faced with an emergency, which is why vaccination protection urgently needs to be strengthened, said Johnson.
The good news is that the level of protection can be increased again with a third vaccination dose.
"Get boosted now!" Johnson said.
On Sunday, 1239 more omicron cases were recorded in the UK, bringing the total to 3137.
Compared to the previous day, that was an increase of a whopping 65 percent. dpa
is the full amount refunded from the purchase price upon collection?
I am in favor of everyone introducing themselves with pronouns
I sent out an application.
Today I received an invitation to an interview by email.
I want to reply to the email.
But unfortunately the name is not "Peter", but a slightly more complicated name.
I googled him and depending on where he/she is from a cultural background, it's either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how to write the email now.
Can someone please help me?
** I'm a foreigner and I don't want to trample an official's feet either.
Conclusion: everyone should introduce themselves with pronouns.
I have a total of 5 books on it.
4 of them go.
Only the one I bought today doesn't work
Apparently the chair had a defect that was not apparent when it was sold.
How else can such upholstery damage occur after 9 months?
Tried only on the #PRS_ORG#.
But this has been working for approx.
14 days no more.
Therefore, I always bought the last books via the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# but wanted to buy 8.
However, there were none left.
Now they are back in stock and I want you to please add 2 chairs to the order and charge me for that.
[CW] The feeling when I can't help.
Content warning: I'm going to write something about domestic violence in some detail here.
I just have to write something about my soul.
For professional reasons, I (21) come into contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence more often.
A topic that really gnaws at me and unfortunately occurs far too often is that many victims cannot be helped or think we cannot help them.
I'm well aware that we can't do everything and it's not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my job that move me more than when I can't do anything in such situations.
I see the bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in a private conversation, with the perpetrator far out of sight and hearing, I can't reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the usual social environment, fear of snatching the children out of it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes very close to tears myself, is that everyone is worth being able to live without violence.
I want all women to know that they don't just have to put up with violence.
I often wish I could help with that in any case... I know I can't.
But it never gets easier.
Please, always remember that you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
"Arcane" on Netflix: What is the series good for "League of Legends"?
Lots of fantasy, lots of complicated names, a breathtaking presentation: "Arcane," the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, recently launched on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced season two?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle of the MHP giants Ludwigsburg at the Merlins Crailsheim
At least youngster Johannes Patrick was reliable.
Nothing again: For the second time in less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, looking back on the cup defeat at Hakro Merlins Crailsheim in early October, Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick said: "We still have some anger in our stomachs."
But that didn't subside after the game - but increased again in view of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the basketball Bundesliga.
More than the bare result, the way the performance was performed disappointed.
A statistic should be mentioned as a substitute, which expresses the entire dilemma: The three-way quota was just 13 percent, 4 hits (all from the young Johannes Patrick) in a whopping 31 attempts - any questions?
John Patrick gave the answer: "We just weren't focused enough after the win at Tenerife and didn't do what we trained for."
To move the ball.
His opponent Sebastian Gleim reacted very differently: "To win a great game against Ludwigsburg for the second time," said the happy coach.
"It felt like it was in front of 10,000 people."
Only 750 visitors were allowed in the Hohenlohe Arena on Saturday, but they got their money's worth.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who marked 22 points and directed his team's game.
"The best playmaker I've ever coached," praised Gleim.
While in Patrick's team even top performers like Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed across the board.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) did the giants prevent a total debacle and came within eight points after being 39:59 behind.
In addition to Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon scored twelve points.
Fortunately, there is not much time to argue.
Already on Wednesday (7 p.m.) the giants welcome the Skyliners Frankfurt, in front of a maximum of 750 spectators in Ludwigsburg.
we used to have a different email address, but I changed it.
Yes, I signed up a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We informed ourselves legally again and therefore wrote to you again.
We originally signed up six months ago.
Always as if peeled from the egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He is able to inspire his audience with new interpretations of hits from the 20s and 30s.
He is currently on the road with the program "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" - if he is allowed to perform.
Actually, Max Raabe would have wanted to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing will come of it.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - "on official instructions" to contain the corona virus.
Other performances planned for the Advent season must also be canceled for the time being, as stated on the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January, the artists want to catch up on their dates that were already postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe sang a lot and liked it even as a teenager.
He studied opera singing in Berlin, and in 1986 he founded the Palast Orchester together with fellow students.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of hits and chansons in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He has received many awards.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) - just like his successful album "Für Frauen ist das kein Problem" (2013) - reached second place in the charts.
He made it out of the niche and into the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, his blonde hair strictly combed back and with an eye for etiquette, Max Raabe has become an integral part of the current German-speaking music landscape.
He has been on tour with the program "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" since 2020. dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It can be supplemented with existing furniture and so we could check beforehand whether it matches the color
It still doesn't work I can only crave the cover page but not leaf through it.
Federal Building Minister Klara Geywitz: Expropriation does not create a new apartment
The new Federal Building Minister Klara Geywitz (SPD) has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing groups, as demanded in a referendum in Berlin.
"With expropriation, not a single new apartment is created, only the ownership structure changes," Geywitz said in an interview with the "Tagesspiegel" (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants security that their rent will remain affordable in the coming years.
Incidentally, a colorful mix of, for example, private landlords, cooperatives or housing associations is the best protection against the formation of a monopoly.
In Berlin, the coalition of SPD, Greens and Left Party wants to set up a commission of experts on how to deal with the result of the referendum.
However, if the situation does not ease, Geywitz did not rule out talks with the FDP in the traffic light coalition about further tightening of tenancy law.
The coalition agreement provides for a rent brake until 2029, a limit on rent increases in tight housing markets and the expansion of the rent index.
I will speak to the Minister of Justice to implement this as soon as possible.
If the rental market still does not relax, "we will talk to the coalition partners about further steps," emphasized the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and after a few days I noticed that I forgot the last step of the payment.
Unfortunately the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be back in stock?
Or will it ever happen again?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Voucher sounds great
Then I redeem it myself for the new order
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp ships in March, how long does it take to ship in itself?
I've already cut my finger
That's an absolute cheek
Tornadoes kill at least 100 in Kentucky
In a devastating storm system, numerous tornadoes have passed through the USA.
In Kentucky alone, there could be more than 100 deaths.
The pictures from there are reminiscent of a war zone.
Several tornadoes caused severe devastation in the USA on Saturday night and may have claimed up to a hundred lives.
The storms leave a path of devastation about 320 kilometers long, especially in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor, Andy Beshear, said after a visit to the disaster area that everywhere the tornado went through, everything was gone.
Houses, shops, government buildings - just gone.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It's hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He expects up to a hundred deaths in the state of Kentucky alone, and the official numbers are increasing every hour.
Hello, I just saw that showcase #NAME# is sold out.
That's a pity.
Is it still being produced?
Or has it been taken out of the range altogether?
Is it possible to order this showcase in another country?
until when do you register?
If delivery cannot be made to my apartment, I have to cancel the order!
I understand that, but can I order the blanket now and have it delivered to Germany, which is in the shopping cart?
I had returned an item or submitted a return via the contact form and wanted to ask if it arrived or was being processed, as I had not yet received a confirmation.
Companies pay vaccination premiums and change advertising slogans
While the federal government continues to reject the proposals for a vaccination premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative themselves and are offering their employees cash premiums for the vaccination.
They are in line with the social partners ÖGB and Chamber of Commerce, which today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination calls - based on the German model - is also intended to increase the willingness to receive corona vaccinations.
He switched to a company he slandered about.
That doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and drink tea.
It's been a year.
Apparently he didn't sew himself into his old place and looked for something else.
You can too.
And that he didn't like you back then: well, it doesn't matter.
He didn't like his job either.
There are too many variables.
Please record the cancellation.
That will then be legally relevant.
I'm making a screen shot.
Hello - I am interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Is it also available in large 230cm?
In our online shop kitchenpoint.de we carry all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories.
We always check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new fully automatic coffee machine from Smeg brings freshly ground coffee to your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matt colors in combination with the matt brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG coffee machine with milk frother a design object.
In accordance with the reduced design, all functions such as grinding degree and water quantity, as well as the choice between espresso, americano, ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with just four buttons.
Thanks to the perennial plant, coffee-milk and milk foam specialties can also be prepared.
Help with your first own campaign
Greetings Boron!
I'm currently leading the adventure Across the Griffin Pass for a group of 4 friends and want to seamlessly take my heroes into a campaign written specifically for the players.
We play DSA 5.
The big bow has been made, the villains and their motivations written, the individual acts thought out and now I'm in the process of writing the introductory adventure and stumble over my own feet at the first encounter.
The premise is that the heroes should bring a wagon of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near Lake Thuran.
There the further plot should develop.
A few miles from the village, a group of goblins is said to be luring the heroes into an ambush.
I would like to give the player characters the opportunity to resolve the confrontation in various ways: convince, act, threaten, recognize the danger early, whatever the players can think of.
Group strength: 8 ordinary goblins, 2 armed with spears, 6 with bows and sabers
If you don't notice, the goblins lurk in a hollow path for the heroes and flank the carriage, armed with bows to each left and right, while two stop the carriage with spears.
If there is a fight and the heroes are defeated, I have two solutions
1. The heroes are all unconscious and then found and healed by the son of the village shoulder, a half-elf.
The cart is gone, of course.
2. If a defeat is inevitable, this half-elf intervenes with two of his servants and comes to the heroes' aid in the fight.
The cart is still there, everything is great.
How appropriate do you think the deus ex machina of solution 2 is?
Is the encounter too much as a start to the adventure?
The group of goblins will play a decisive role later, so it's not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I didn't expect so many answers, especially so many great suggestions and tips.
I'm guaranteed to take many of your ideas to heart and now I have more confidence in my narratives again.
I disassembled the lamp again.
And put back together.
Unfortunately it still doesn't work.
That's why I would still like to send them back
Can you then send me the return receipts, then I can pack the lamp and bring it to #PRS_ORG#.
Save shipping costs and time - and at the same time relieve the environment!
If you need more than one item, please only click on "Pay Now" when you have all the items in your shopping cart.
Combined shipping is automatically calculated and you get everything in one package.
This procedure saves you multiple purchases/payments and the environment is happy because no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel are consumed for the delivery of several packages.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule, if payment is received by 2:00 p.m., we will send your shipment on the same working day.
In order for your package to arrive as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is also on your mailbox and your bell.
Would you like us to send your package to a Packstation?
Then please select DHL, because only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL packing stations.
We will send you an e-mail with the tracking number if you have selected DHL or DPD as the sender.
This means that you can check where your package is from around 10:00 p.m.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be happy if you gave us a positive rating and awarded all five stars in the detailed ratings.
Should it ever happen that not everything has gone to your complete satisfaction, we would be grateful if you would contact us before you submit a review.
This is the only way we have the chance to do everything to make you happy.
We didn't do anything with the chair.
suddenly the crack was there
I just sat on it
Here the lower part, i.e. the part with storage space, was damaged.
Will everything be picked up again or just the storage space part?
I'm annoyed by Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the course of the season the quality on German Sky has decreased more and more, so I want to vent a little with this post.
First of all, the transmission was cut off in the middle of the F2 race today in order to start the F1 pre-reporting on time.
Although the schedule was far behind schedule due to the delayed start and the accident at the start, the last (planned) ten minutes and the championship decision (!) could still have been shown.
Apparently, however, F1 takes precedence for legal reasons and everything else has to be restricted, so Sky DE probably had no choice here.
Still stupid, especially since Sky UK broadcast the end of the race.
Nevertheless, a little praise: the commentator Olivier Zwartyes accompanied the difficult situation surrounding the serious accident well.
Then in F1 there was again ignorance of the rules among the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, so both did not know that you can change tires under a red flag.
Although this situation already existed in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both only came to the conclusion that Verstappen was allowed to change the tires when there were corresponding radio messages to Hamilton on the subject.
At Sky UK and RTL, both commentators knew immediately that Verstappen had this opportunity.
I believe that you should simply know such elementary rules when commenting on F1 on a pay TV station.
It's also not the first guesswork as to what is now possible or required by the rules, both simply have constant uncertainties about the rules.
In general, I don't like Roos' artificial comment style, but I admit that it's a matter of taste.
But seriously, I even like RTL's Heiko Wasser better.
In addition, there are constant silliness that both simply make seem unprofessional, such as ordering coffee from the (equally clueless) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" by Ralf Schumacher.
The latter in particular brings a lot of unrest to the commentary, which he apparently does not take seriously.
Last but not least, the advertising simply takes over at Sky, in the run-out lap Sky is the only broadcaster that goes into advertising, as you can hear on F1TV because only the German soundtrack has to do without commentary right after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do this.
These two broadcasters also do less advertising in training than Sky, and that as free TV broadcasters.
Although you have to praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, that alone does not let me overlook the disadvantages.
The rest of Sky Sport F1's program is also very meager and full of reruns.
Overall, Sky is really the worst German-language broadcaster to broadcast F1.
Apart from the advertising, RTL does a better job in the four races that they are still allowed to broadcast.
In any case, the grandiose F1 season is much less fun than would be possible with a reasonable transmitter.
I would be interested in your opinion.
Here's to them: #PRS_ORG# pendant light, brass and multi-colored glass x 1
Hello, I have an item that was supposed to be delivered last week and it still won't be delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and so far nothing.
The first lady told me it will be sent out on Monday, the second lady told me yesterday that she will check and send an email and she never replied.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on 12/12/19.
One of them showed a defect after a relatively short time (the fabric has a hole in the front part of the chair).
I ask for support.
Fan pumps are excellent for supplying an aquarium with additional oxygen.
It is also possible to operate a filter system via air lift.
This series is offered by us in 3 variants.
Look at the table at the end of the offer.
There you can see the services in comparison.
If the pumps are strong enough, entire systems can be operated with them.
If you have a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are suitable so that you can connect several air vents.
The MK series has one, two or four outputs, but depending on the model, fan pumps are also suitable for setting an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with an air curtain (you can find it in our shop) or with a decor that converts the air bubbles into a function.
A treasure chest, shell or something similar would be mentioned here.
The MK series has a special, soundproof construction and thus ensures low operating noise.
Installation is very easy.
The fan pump is connected to an air vent or similar using a 4/6 mm air hose... and you're ready to go.
The fan pump should be the same or higher as the water level and mounted on the outside.
If the fan pump is lower than the water level, you should put a non-return valve in between.
Simply cut the air hose and put the valve in between.
This would prevent, if water were to run backwards, that the water would run out of the pool through the pump...
If the fan pump is installed outdoors, it should, like other air pumps, be covered and protected from moisture
The MK series pumps are pure powerhouses that consume little energy
Even if we specify the processing time here on ebay as 3 days, packing is done every day and the packages are also picked up here every day.
If everything goes well on the way, it goes very quickly.
We just want to take precautions a little so that no one gets upset just because it took a little longer.
It would be like this, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in forwarding... of course no corona stops here.
Please don't rate badly just because the delivery is delayed, that's solely down to the parcel services.
Of course, you like to scold these services, even if we say at the moment...they have a damn hard time
This also varies greatly from region to region.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that better times will come again.
how long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrests?
Can you also order the legs in light here?
Amazon founder Bezo sends astronaut daughter and presenter into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers have taken a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin rocket system "New Shepard".
The flight, which lasted around ten minutes, took off and landed in the western state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky, Bezos himself received the newly crowned astronauts upon their return.
"Welcome back," Bezos said, clad in a blue space suit, as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
To the applause of friends, family and Blue Origin employees, the six passengers gradually climbed out and hugged the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they traveled for ten minutes and 13 seconds, reaching an altitude of 107 kilometers.
74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of Alan Shepard (1923-1998), who flew into space as a Nasa astronaut in 1961 and after whom Blue Origin's rocket system is named, and 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were guests of honor at the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: aerospace engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not say how much they paid for their tickets.
After the short flight, Laura Shepard Churchley recalled her father's mission.
He worked hard on his assignments and had to do everything himself.
She just flew along, said the 74-year-old with a laugh.
Michael Strahan also expressed enthusiasm.
He would like to return to space again, said the moderator.
"New Shepard" flies to an altitude of 100 kilometers
The "New Shepard" rocket system flies largely automatically.
The capsule, separated from the rocket during the flight, reached an altitude of around 100 kilometers above the earth, at times with weightlessness, before the reusable object landed again, slowed down by large parachutes.
The International Aviation Association and many other experts consider 100 kilometers above the earth to be the limit to space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was Blue Origin's third manned space flight: the first, in July, saw Amazon founder Bezos himself on board, along with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second, in October, included 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, best known for his role as Captain Kirk in Star Trek, former Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, entrepreneur Glen de Vries and Blue Origin deputy boss Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of promoting the space tourism business largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and without regard to the climate.
At the push of a button, you can easily choose whether your "Smart Stone" should glow in one color permanently or play through its entire color repertoire.
Set to change color, the glow stone maintains a light color for about a minute before gently transitioning to the next decorative shade.
The solid construction of the "Smart Stone" light has proven itself outdoors all year round.
In snowy surroundings, their light is even particularly good - only a shortened lighting time can be expected as soon as the days are shorter.
In winter, please only make sure that no snow impairs the function of the solar module.
"Smart Stone" uses a NiMh battery in the standard mignon ("AA") format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can obtain a suitable spare battery from our web shop and thus extend the service life of your decorative light even further.
High-gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, especially for the design of rims, wheel trims, paintable plastic parts with appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR is offering a wipe-proof and weatherproof chrome spray for the first time.
The optimal effect is achieved on a black background, e.g. B. by pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single can and in a set incl. Effect Primer and tack cloth for optimal preparation of the paintwork.
For use on metal, wood, glass, paintable hard plastics, stone.
Perfect that agrees:) do I need to enclose anything else?
All you need is the tracking number for my email?
Someone who works in biochemistry or has studied biochemistry
I'm currently studying biochemistry in the first semester and actually find the subject quite exciting in itself and standing in the laboratory doesn't bother me either (I've already completed the inorganic chemistry internship).
Of course, I also found out about career prospects before I started my studies, but I also thought at the time that I would definitely like to and will study until I finish my doctorate.
At the moment, however, I have doubts, and I am particularly depressed about the job prospects.
On the one hand (study check, etc.) you keep hearing about great job opportunities and the job is totally wanted, on the other hand you keep hearing about unemployed biologists and incredibly poorly paid jobs.
That's why I would really be interested:
1) What do you currently work as?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What did you study/ What training did you do?
4) Would you do it all over again?
Thank you for your answers!
I'm really unsure at the moment and I'm thinking of dropping out of my studies and training to be an IT specialist in 2022.
If you have any experiences, please let me know:)
Extra stress before holidays & bank holiday weekends
This topic came up for me last week.
But now I had to use my long weekend to relax from it.
That's why only now a post to it.
Not only before big holidays, such as the Christmas holidays, there is a lot of stress in our company.
It seems that there is also one before public holidays plus bridging days.
It was like this: Last week was Assumption Day, which is called "Ascension Day" in Switzerland.
Most people and businesses have a bridging day on Friday, which is therefore semi-official.
So there was a long 4-day weekend coming up last week.
So what happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
Lots of e-mails that absolutely had to be sent out before Ascension, order here order there, everything *absolutely* before the long weekend.
Because... yes because?
Because "next week then" sounds like so much time and that shouldn't be?
Or because people seriously want to do as much in a shortened week as in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, I was also really annoyed.
What is this self-indulgence about holidays?
Why do we still have holidays when we can't really treat ourselves to them?!
Mind you, the stress didn't come from above, the colleagues were all on their own.
My question is simple: is it just us, the Swiss?
Is this our Reformed Evangelical way?
Or do you know that in the north too?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - but hasn't got any presents yet.
"The nice thing is that even if there is no snow in Erfurt, you just drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest," said the actress and singer Hit Radio FFH.
She will get in the mood for the festival by baking and crafting cookies with her son.
"I love that," Catterfeld said.
But she still has a lot to do before the contemplative days: "For the first time I don't have any presents yet, I finally have to get started."
NEKTON-Bio supports smooth moulting and new plumage formation.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 μg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of plumage damage occurring in bird husbandry is exclusively due to nutritional deficiencies.
Since the plumage consists of protein-containing substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein diet of the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a perfect plumage.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily food must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
A large part of the animal losses that occur during moulting are due to insufficient or unbalanced protein intake and/or insufficient supply of vitamins and minerals.
The composition of NEKTON-Bio explicitly takes into account and balances the unfavorable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feeds.
No other vitamin preparation should be administered while using NEKTON-Bio.
NEKTON-Bio is cold water soluble and can easily be administered via drinking water or soft food.
Thank you, I found it
Unfortunately still does not work
GDR handwork model old building E-locomotive E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the locomotive was in use in Silesia and Central Germany, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railway company ME issue 11/1968, used with signs of wear and missing parts see photos, function well, the class E 95 is a heavy freight electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal block trains in the Silesian network, the kit may also come from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is located in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and we are refurbished to be operational
In 1924, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft commissioned AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive that would be able to carry 2,200-ton coal trains and 530-ton passenger trains at a cruising speed of 45 km/h on this route.
A top speed of 65 km/h was required.
Thus, in March 1926, the DRG determined the delivery as a 1'Co+Co1' locomotive with AEG suspension drive with the delivery of the mechanical part, the Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which were given road numbers E 95 01-06.
All survived the Second World War and then found themselves on the territory of what later became the GDR.
In 1946 the locomotives came to the Soviet Union as reparations.
They returned to Germany by November 1952.
In the Reichsbahn repair shop in Dessau, the suitability of all six locomotives for refurbishment was determined.
[4] As the re-electrification of the central German network progressively increased the need for locomotives for heavy freight train service, the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were refurbished in 1959, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts donors.
The E 04, E 44 and E 94, which were available in larger numbers, were first preferred.
It was only when it was foreseeable that the number of refurbishments on the E 94 could not be increased further that the E 95 became the focus of the refurbishment.
[4]First, the locomotives were stationed in the Leipzig-Wahren depot.
They came to the Halle P depot in 1960.
They were used in their own circulation plan, mostly in front of coal trains from the Geiseltal in the direction of Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
The complicated control of the locomotives proved to be problematic with increasing age.
It often happened that contactors got stuck during switching operations.
Then the Beimann, who was constantly riding on this locomotive, had to release the contactor with a hammer and wooden wedge while driving.
Damage to the traction motors was common and led to months of locomotive failure.
[5] Since there were enough new locomotives available at the end of the 1960s and a significant expansion of electrical operations was not planned at the time, the Reichsbahn was able to do without old locomotives and most of the splinter types, so that the E 95 was decommissioned.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn only wanted to man electric locomotives with one man, which would have resulted in a problem in train operation due to the difficulties mentioned with the machines and the visibility from the driver's cab.
[5] After the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were shut down in mid-1969, they were followed by the E 95 01, which left service on October 5, 1970.
The intended new designation 255 001 was therefore never used.
Except for the E 95 02, all locomotives were dismantled.
The E 95 02 was set up as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a point heating system at Halle main station.
It took some time before those responsible at the Reichsbahn could be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the initially external refurbishment of the locomotive began with the aim of being able to present it at a vehicle show in the RAW Dessau.
[5] Since then, it has belonged to the Dresden Transport Museum as a non-operational museum locomotive.
In 1986 the locomotive was completed internally.
In the DB Museum Halle (Saale), the locomotive is supervised by the museum.
Since 1995, employees of the traditional community Bw Halle P have been working on the operational refurbishment of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive was presented for the first time at an exhibition in the Museums-Bw Arnstadt with new interior and exterior paintwork, whereby the transformers were checked and five traction motors are operational.
-The locomotives were in use on the Silesian Mountain Railway and the branching branch lines until 1945, where they proved themselves due to their reliable drive and low maintenance requirements.
In February 1945, the machines were relocated to Leipzig for the Central German network.
The main area of operation was initially Silesia
Handcrafted model H0 in original packaging, works well, optical rework on the locomotive is necessary, dusty, with signs of wear, cellar smell !!!, very rare handcrafted model, very small edition - the kit may also come from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and signs of storage.
Yes, the F-parts are
I received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with one part.
The center beam is held by two feet..unfortunately these are too narrow and the beam cannot be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
I can't set up the bed.
The center beam is held by two feet, which are unfortunately incorrectly produced.
The center beam does not fit into the intended bracket.
So I get new ones sent.
When will they be sent out?
no no flat.
According to the assembly instructions, these are the right ones in terms of shape, they were just too narrow
But it doesn't matter.
The main thing is that they fulfill their purpose
They're not flat with me
Could I have this sent to me?
Hello #NAME#, should I explain the problem to you again?
House fire with two minor injuries and high damage
Two people have been slightly injured in a fire in a residential building in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, an estimated damage in the six-digit euro range occurred, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had probably spread from a carport to the adjacent residential building in Kinsau (Landsberg am Lech district).
Two residents were reportedly taken to the hospital on Sunday with mild smoke inhalation.
The exact cause of the fire was not initially known, but the police did not assume that the fire was intentionally set.
The Kripo Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigations.
But it arrives much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To refute fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin published a photo of his first vaccination in early 2021 on the LinkedIn social network
Biontech boss Uğur Şahin had not yet publicly commented on his vaccination status.
Now the entrepreneur has published a photo showing his corona vaccination.
A friend's illness prompted him to do so, Şahin said.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz-based company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing him receiving a vaccination against the coronavirus.
There was misinformation on social media that I was supposedly unvaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I received 3 doses of the Biontech Pfizer vaccine," Şahin wrote in a post on the LinkedIn network on Friday.
"For several months, friends have been urging me to post a photo of me being vaccinated to counter these false rumors."
So far he has refused because the communication should not revolve around himself.
But a call last week changed his mind: "I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is battling severe Covid-19 and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family were not vaccinated, Şahin continued.
He didn't ask for the reasons.
"However, the most common cause appears to be fear, which is often fueled by misinformation and mistrust."
Fear is difficult to combat with facts, so sometimes it's better to share personal experiences.
An interview with Deutsche Welle is circulating on the Internet in which Uğur Şahin says he has not been vaccinated.
However, the video was made in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself clarified.
"I am currently not legally allowed to get the vaccine myself," Şahin said at the time.
There is a prioritization in Germany when vaccinating the vaccine.
In the meantime, the prioritization has been lifted for a long time - and according to the Biontech boss, he has been vaccinated three times.
Fire in substation: tens of thousands of people without electricity
The lights went out in several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia on Friday evening: no more electricity and in many cases probably no heating either.
A fire paralyzed a substation.
After a fire with severe damage in a substation, tens of thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia had to do without electricity for around 24 hours.
Due to the fire, the lights went out on Friday evening for 41,000 affected residents in several communities.
The utility Westnetz reported that numerous emergency generators were in operation on Saturday until the large-scale disruption could finally be completely resolved late in the evening.
Firefighters and helpers from THW provided support in the municipalities.
The authorities offered childcare places in schools and called for neighborhood help.
The provider thanked those affected for their patience and the helpers for their commitment.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant restrictions.
We would also like to thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire brigades and the THW for their tireless work," said the head of the primary technology department, Florian Witt, in a statement on Saturday evening.
The repair of the damage will take a few more days, since the Westnetz fitters were initially only able to temporarily put some lines back into operation, he explained.
According to the company, a technical defect led to the fire.
Electricity flows again
According to Westnetz, the fire that broke out around 7:15 p.m. on Friday severely damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switchgear in the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid substation.
Extensive cleaning and repair work is necessary there.
At the same time, a connection to a 30,000 volt voltage level was created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply is restored.
Since 6 p.m. on Saturday, over 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had electricity again.
Another 20,000 residents of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually connected from 9:30 p.m.
Since 11:15 p.m., those most recently affected by the outage have also had electricity.
More than 80 fitters from Westnetz and partner companies were on duty.
After setting up an emergency power supply for important buildings on Saturday afternoon, the authorities also called for neighborhood help.
"It is now important that the citizens take care of the elderly or single people in their neighborhood and notify the local fire department if help is needed," explained District Administrator Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
When setting up and operating emergency power generators, the focus was primarily on the residents of old people's homes.
In addition, according to the authorities, temporary care places were set up in schools for those people who could not take care of themselves or who need medical devices that depend on electricity or who are dependent on medical care.
Good day!
Unfortunately the blanket is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay in euros?
It is the bedspread #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you have a nice day too and please stay healthy ♡
But I can't mount the base on the table top.
It's Custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions.
We wanted the ones with table tops diameter of #NUMBER#
we got 155cm diameter.
My #PRS_ORG# arrived today, but I can't put them together and shorten them.
Can you help me there?
Otherwise I would have to send it back, otherwise it is not suitable for the purpose.
I would be happy to receive feedback
yes that's really easier!
Then we do it like this!
can you send me the return slip by email?
the repair is now complete.
I had already tried this before the chat.
Before the purchase, however, I had not restarted the E-#PRS_ORG#.
Should I do that now?
I find such a low credit almost outrageous.
We disagree with that
Nordic Combined: Combined Riiber wins
The German Nordic combined athletes Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid sprinted onto the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
The duo had to be beaten again by the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started the cross-country ski run with a large lead after ski jumping.
Return order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes, we both made new s and are using version 4.5...
it could be that you have heard of problems before
I bought a book directly with my #PRS_ORG#, it seems to be on it too.
As soon as I want to open it, I get the message, oops!
This document could not be opened.
File may be corrupt, contact customer service.
As far as I can tell it's a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can you help me?
Chat connection is gone and now?
I have to work in between too!
To ensure that the paint is applied evenly and cleanly, you should clean the components from dust, grease and fingerprints with a little soapy water, rinse with clear water and dry.
Before you bring the brush to the model with a new color for the first time, it is advisable to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the components, which will no longer be visible later, or on a yogurt cup.
The first line on the component
Draw the brush evenly line by line.
Slight overlapping of the paint layers later ensures an even surface.
Avoid swiping back and forth quickly with the brush.
This creates unrealistic surfaces.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the light colors.
Otherwise the dark ones could show through later.
Metal tones and metallic colors come at the very end with a separate brush.
Otherwise unsightly metal streaks can occur if they mix with normal colors.
Allow the painted parts to dry for a day before installing them.
The models achieve a true-to-original appearance through the decals or decals.
From national emblems on airplanes to ship names to decorative strips and license plates on car models: the decals give the model the finishing touch.
Apply the decals in the correct order while the components are still within easy reach.
An aircraft cockpit can be glued on more easily before it is installed in the fuselage.
Time, patience and a steady hand are even more important than the right tools such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks.
Cut out each required decal individually and lay them out for yourself.
Decals are also called water slide images because you briefly moisten the back of them with water until the backing paper turns dark due to the moisture.
Then you slide the picture just a small piece off the paper and place the piece on the appropriate spot on the model (which you also moistened beforehand).
While holding the decal on the model with a tool, pull the backing paper away from the side.
Attention: Always check whether the picture is in the right place before you slide it completely off the paper so that it does not stick to your finger, wrinkle or even tear.
Soak up excess water with a kitchen towel.
Attention not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book briefly, as soon as I look for something else then I stop reading the book and have to log out and log in and load the book again and look for where I've read.
I already communicated with you on Saturday.
Can I get this by email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp arrived in 3 individual packages
ok thanks anyway!
then I will buy somewhere else as soon as the money is back.
But can I get it back without any problems?
Fertility treatment with PKV / What is an "insured case"?
Hello everyone,
we were in fertility treatment for a while, now when it comes to billing with PKV, it suddenly gets in the way.
In turn:
We had applied for fertility treatment from the PKV in advance and received approval for 3 attempts.
The attempts were not restricted in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to a successful pregnancy and birth and was settled with the PKV.
Some time later we tried to have a second child and made 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but did not yet settle them with the PKV.
We applied again for the costs to be covered by the PKV and were granted 3 more attempts.
After a few more attempts (we carried out more attempts than promised, logically we bill the most expensive ones with the PKV) we submitted the invoices to the PKV and got the nasty surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3), the PKV only wants to refund 3 attempts.
The reason: With the pregnancy/birth, the remaining 2 attempts of the first commitment expire.
The second desire to have children is a new insured event.
According to the General Terms and Conditions, however, "The insured event begins with the treatment, it ends when there is no longer a need for treatment."
The questions for the experts in the group here:
* Who is right here, the PKV (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or we (there are 5 attempts to be reimbursed)?
* Should the PKV have pointed out to us in the promises that further attempts expire with a birth?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insured event?
Infertility (caused by blocked fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts here gave their opinion.
Thank you for your help!
Can you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how I can best reach them again
In order.
We won't order anything from them again.
When they add up the sales of me and my friend #NAME# (same address) they obviously lost good customers.
They are welcome to pass this on to their manager.
That's not competitive.
Yesterday the colleague told me that the repayment has been arranged and now you tell me that I have to send the thing back first.
I can't help but feel completely disturbed by the chest of drawers
Please see the screenshot of what the colleague wrote
It clearly states that the refund has been issued and I still haven't received a refund via #PRS_ORG#
You can tell your manager that they have now lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered various furniture for our apartment via his account.
We won't do that anymore.
No, the defect only appeared after a few months.
An office chair must withstand normal use.
Otherwise they are not allowed to sell it as an office chair.
Irrespective of this, the warranty of 24 months applies.
No, it is not possible for me to obtain another type of packaging.
I will dismantle the cabinet and make it available to the transport company.
Hello, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG#
These products are advertised with stools that can be purchased in addition, but unfortunately we cannot find them with you.
Can you help?
Topic of the week: The best low budget films
There is no general definition with exact budget limits for exactly what a low-budget film is.
Wikipedia has the following to say about it:
>A **low-budget film** or **low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
There are plenty of lists of low-budget films on the Internet, such as on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know any interesting representatives of this category?
What attracts you to it?
And what maybe you don't like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
Wanted to ask for the best price on the Odelle grey leather sofa.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is this also reliable now?
Thank you
Kind regards
If there is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30 minutes is not a chat!
Unfortunately nothing changes in the waiting position...I'll give up again soon because it just doesn't work here.
Hello
"Half victory" against Belarus associated with high costs for the EU
According to political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can announce a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
However, the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees on Belarus" border with Poland and Lithuania, Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
The EU has not solved the confrontation in the long term, explained the researcher from the Berlin Science and Politics Foundation (SWP).
This state of limbo - Belarus is not giving in very little, but the EU feels like a winner - will probably continue for a while.
Dealing with people at the border is not in accordance with the European Convention on Human Rights, Bossong judged.
Apparently there is an "increasing normalization of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole is not resolutely opposed to it, this is at the expense of fundamental rights.
At the same time, this development weakens cohesion in the Union.
"Apparently, it can't assert itself when a member state gets it in its head to do its thing," as is currently the case in Poland, which does not even allow the EU border protection agency Frontex access to the border.
In addition, the EU is paying another price for its policy on the border with Belarus, Bossong said: A basic agreement on asylum policy is being made more difficult because the line "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Another attempt to cross the border
According to Poland's border guards, migrants have tried again to reach Polish territory via Belarus.
A spokeswoman for the authority said on Sunday that 55 migrants were arrested on Sunday night and returned to the border.
The Polish officials were thrown stones by the migrants in the incident not far from the town of Czeremsza.
According to the information, a soldier was hit in the face and had to be treated by a military doctor.
In total, the border guard registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
A group of 28 migrants had already overcome the border barriers on Friday evening.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan had crossed or tried to cross the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko, as ruler in Minsk, of having lured them with the prospect of entering the EU.
According to press reports, Poland and Lithuania sealed off border sections.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU commissioners traveled to people's countries of origin to prevent departures there.
The most effective element of the EU response is the pressure on airlines, Bossong said.
"The EU threw its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with tough bandages and extraterritorial sanctions."
Minsk must also take into account domestic political costs.
Belarusian society is probably not prepared for the fact that the security apparatus regularly smuggles thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes protests after controversial Formula 1 final
According to Mercedes, Max Verstappen broke two rules during the race.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has filed an appeal.
The Silver Arrows suspect two breaches of the rules in the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest relates to an alleged violation by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the last safety car phase, when he is said to have overtaken illegally.
A second appeal was filed against the score at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not followed in accordance with the rules.
Verstappen overtook Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the last lap and raced to his first Formula 1 title.
The maneuver took place shortly after the end of a safety car phase in which the Dutchman overtook cars in front of him.
I'll check it.
I'll talk to the bank and get back to you
thanks for the support
Free entry for members: Europa-Park organizes SC Freiburg fan day
Europa-Park, which gave its name to the Europa-Park stadium of the Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited to the SC Freiburg Fantag.
As the park announces, members and season ticket holders of the Sport-Club from Breisgau and members of the fan community were allowed to visit Europa-Park for free on this day.
In addition, there were vouchers for drinks and sausage.
The roller coaster trains shone red and white through the jerseys that day.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop," said the park.
The cooperation between the Bundesliga team and the amusement park in Rust, 40 kilometers north of Freiburg, has existed since the early 1990s.
At the first SC Freiburg fan day at Europa-Park, it was shown again how well the partnership fits.
To see beaming fans having fun together on the roller coaster confirms that," says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
why is this €#NUMBER# and not like originally €1699?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen did it.
The Dutchman won his first world title in the Red Bull in his seventh year in Formula 1.
His way to the top of the premier class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen gambled away the Kart World Championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen angrily leaves him at a gas station on the return journey.
His mother Sophie Kumpen collects the teenager in the following car.
2014, England: Red Bull's junior team has promising youngsters in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old follows in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
At that time he continued to drive in the European Formula 3 for the time being.
2015, Australia: Verstappen starts a Grand Prix at the age of 17 years and 166 days as the youngest driver in history.
Due to a defect, he has to park his Toro Rosso in Melbourne early.
2015, Malaysia: At 17 years and 180 days, the then Toro Rosso driver Verstappen is also the youngest racer to score points in Formula 1.
Verstappen finishes seventh at the Malaysian Grand Prix in Sepang.
2016, Spain: Verstappen wins his first race for Red Bull.
At the age of 18 years and 228 days he sensationally became the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history in Barcelona.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his pole debut in Budapest - he is not the youngest.
At the age of 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
Verstappen celebrates his first world title at the age of 24 at the Formula 1 final in Abu Dhabi - with an overtaking maneuver against Hamilton in the final lap. dpa
Back then, #NUMBER# was already in a lot of trouble with you when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# chest of drawers.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim"
As part of the "LiteraTour Nord" reading series, author Judith Hermann read from her current novel "Daheim" in the sold-out Blue Note on Friday and also acted as moderator.
She is divorced, lives in a house on the coast and listens sensitively to the sounds on her doorstep at night.
I submitted the contact form to return an item yesterday but did not receive an email confirmation or anything similar.
My question would be whether my request has been received.
Not everyone has the time for your crazy chat and wrongly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake that you fix and not everyone from our household.
Contact Ms. #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day
We chatted yesterday and agreed that I or Ms. #NAME# would receive an email with a 60 euro voucher, a new order for the #PRS_ORG# bedside table and a return label.
This email has not yet arrived.
The package wants to bring to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
Kind regards
The LokSound 5 decoder can play back up to 10 channels at a time.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bit / 31250 kHz and finally offers hi-fi quality on your system.
There is practically no difference to the original audible.
A Class-D audio power amplifier with an output power of up to 3W controls the speakers, which can have an impedance between 4 ohms and 32 ohms.
The huge 128 Mbit sound memory ensures enough capacity.
All individual sounds can be individually adjusted in volume.
The super flexible sound engine without a rigid schedule allows the prototypical simulation of all conceivable rail vehicles.
Three separately adjustable braking functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry but just because he says he's not an anti-Semite doesn't mean anything.
It's like when an afdler says he has nothing against foreigners.
Neither will admit their i.
But Kollegah constantly reproduces some kind of anti-Semitic message.
If you want to distance yourself then you should just leave it completely.
Yes wow then you are just as little to be taken seriously as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions evolution in principle is simply completely lost.
Because of me, a god set it all in motion.
But once you're a creationist, you have to believe that the earth is 10,000 years old and science is just spouting nonsense.
And that makes you an enemy of science and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah
In order to obtain an optimal field of view, the magnifying glass should be brought as close to the eye as possible.
The specially designed aplanatic-achromatic lens system allows you to use the magnifying glass practically free of distortion and color errors right up to the edge zone.
Magnifying glasses are often marked with magnification information.
However, this information only applies to precisely defined conditions, which rarely correspond to the conditions of use.
In order to be able to use your magnifying glass optimally, we ask you to observe the information in the table "Technical data" (see instructions for use in the packaging).
Light reflections occur on the lens surfaces of all optical devices, including folding magnifiers.
These reflections are significantly reduced by an anti-reflective coating.
If the optimal conditions of use are observed - magnifying glass close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the enclosed instructions for use (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard magnifier credit card magnifier enlargement pocket magnifier reading magnifier reading aid
Whether as a reading aid on the go or simply for the everyday little things: The Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And their hard layer makes them robust against special hardships in everyday life.
Each magnifying glass comes with a credit card sleeve for storage and safe transport.
You are bidding on these parts that you see in the pictures or as described under "What are you bidding on".
In what condition is the item offered?
Of course, everyone can overlook something, because no human being is free from mistakes - if this is the case, just write a message and it will be clarified to your complete satisfaction (either by exchange, partial refund or complete refund).
You will receive a proper invoice.
Unless expressly requested otherwise by the buyer, shipments are always insured with a tracking number via DHL!
The individual shipping costs can be found in the above shipping conditions.
There are no additional handling costs.
ok everyone says uthorized, how can I check more precisely?
yes both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do very nice and good service, it took a while to get through to a person, you were great
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# team,
I have already contacted you under the customer contact number #PHONENUMBER#.
yes, but it was said before.
You cannot ship from England due to #PRS_ORG#.
Fir sale in Schönwolde: In the municipality of Krembz, women choose the Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has experienced many strange situations when selling fir trees.
On one occasion, a man is said to have gone home without his partner because the two could not agree.
Every year he plants a good 2000 pieces for this.
The 56-year-old has already experienced many strange situations.
That always makes the run-up to Christmas a bit fun, he says.
And with the voucher??
Otherwise I'm gone as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and now paid the full price for it.
Then I will rate it accordingly!
We don't need to have discussions about the better dish here, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat grilled on a rotating spit.
And that's why both have their names.
In German, an equivalent might be something like the "dreher," which doesn't sound nearly as tasty.
Problems with fiber optics + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have had a new fiber optic connection in the house for a few weeks.
Unfortunately I now have problems setting up a stable Wifi network.
Before that I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which received and sent 50 Mbit flawlessly except for a few failures.
The new fiber optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and these also arrive at the DLan module connected to the FritzBox.
However, the full 500 no longer arrive on the other DLan module, which sends out the Wifi, but the further away I go in the house with the module, the less arrives (i.e. use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module).
As a result, the Internet with the new fiber optic connection is now even slower on the first floor than before (\~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which apparently uses new technology.
This was slightly better than the DLan, but there were similarly large losses here too.
Could someone explain to me why so much Internet speed is "lost" over the power line with fiber optics?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely expensive to lay LAN cables in the house.
I'm really desperate, which is why I created an extra account here.
That's why I would be all the more happy to get an answer.
When it's time to change checking accounts
Anyone who would have thought that the current accounts would be calm for the time being is mistaken.
While many banks used the autumn to use all sorts of tricks to get their customers to confirm the fee increases of the past, the allowances for negative interest rates continue to fall.
Deutsche Bank, for example, was long considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she has just halved the allowance and even quartered it for the daily allowance.
In a first step, the limit was lowered only for customers of the Postbank division - to EUR 50,000 for current and investment accounts and to EUR 25,000 for daily money accounts.
In the meantime, however, these lower allowances apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesman confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for "newly made individual agreements with existing customers."
Commerzbank had previously gone down to a limit of EUR 50,000, which still applies, just like with ING Germany.
The direct bank DKB, which is particularly popular with cost-conscious customers, has reduced the allowances in two stages, initially to EUR 50,000 and now to EUR 25,000.
After all: According to figures from the Internet portal Verivox, more than 100 banks now have an allowance of 25,000 euros or less.
The Sparda-Bank Berlin has also arrived at 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the consumer centers, which even got right against this regulation in the first instance before the Berlin Regional Court.
The banks are already discussing whether the institutes should possibly make provisions - in the event that the higher authorities also declare the negative interest rates to be inadmissible in principle and many millions of bank customers have to be repaid.
The table top for 8 people was delivered instead of the one for 6 people.
The base is the one for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs an entire beauty army
She is now officially at the top of Hollywood.
But her life is like an ascent and descent.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was voted the most influential woman of the year by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter".
For her, who made a splash in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the sequel to her series "The Morning Show," this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and work.
A whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers takes care of their appearance.
After all, Aniston says, she treats herself to a chip a day (yes, that's right: a SINGLE chip out of the bag).
It's actually a miracle that she won the hearts of female and male fans alike.
Maybe because she's just unlucky with luck - and is still looking for great love.
And removed the wish to have a baby from the list.
Before that, she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
That hurt her.
The people who asked that have no idea what's wrong with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
It remains to be hoped that success and fame will also make you happy.
Unworthy end of a career: Raikkonen has to give up
Kimi Raikkonen's farewell to Formula 1 was even quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a slight contact with the gang, Raikkonen had to park his Alfa Romeo at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after less than half the race distance.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, and the "Iceman" ended his career in the premier class of motorsport.
His wife Minttu and their two children also traveled to the United Arab Emirates to say goodbye.
Raikkonen's greatest success was winning the 2007 World Championship in a Ferrari.
He made 21 Grand Prix victories, started 18 times from pole and finished 103 times on the podium. dpa
Friedrich gets 60th World Cup victory - Nolte wins in two-man bobsleigh - Sport
The mark of the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the goal of the bobsleigh pilot.
"I calculated that, I would have to win nine and a half times a season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who had two successes in two days at the races in Winterberg.
First he fended off Johannes Lochner's attack by five hundredths on Saturday, going from third to first place.
Then he changed something about the material setting and pulled out a bigger lead of 0.30 seconds on Sunday.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle) he prevailed over Brit Brad Hall.
Third was the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
"We took a bigger risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also claimed his 22nd win in a row.
Johannes Lochner from Berchtesgaden, who drives for Stuttgart, came fifth this time after second place.
Christoph Hafer from BC Bad Feilnbach finished eighth in the first race after fourth place.
"If I knew what he was doing differently, I would do it that way," Lochner said.
Nolte with home victory - podium for Jamanka
In the women's bobsleigh, Laura Nolte took her third win of the season on her home track.
After only finishing fourth in the monobob the day before, she raced to victory in the German triple success with pusher Deborah Levi on Sunday.
Two-man bobsleigh Olympic champion Mariama Jamanka from the BRC Thüringen came second with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
In addition to her Olympic qualification, she recorded her first podium finish this winter.
Wiesbaden-based Kim Kalicki finished third with Leonie Fiebig.
It was super cool for me, first podium in the World Cup, I'm super happy that Mariama is taking me with her.
I'm super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the start times today were okay," said Burghardt and emphasized: "It's not just about pushing, there is also a lot to do around it."
Jamanka was a little annoyed at the not-quite-flawless rides, but said: "It's going in the right direction."
I already had the blanket in my shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I just didn't receive it and therefore couldn't redeem it, which is why I finally asked.
Due to Corona, I had completely different problems last year and never had time for them.
And now it says it's expired, which annoys me a lot.
Look in the chat it was about the Asare bench.
I would like to return it and then order again as it is currently on sale:)
Why does shipping only start on 16.3.?
There was nothing about such a long delivery time on your website
No, only when I tap on it comes an extra field with the message
Was picked up by your colleague yesterday.
Why is this a problem today
I have also sent you pictures of the incorrectly delivered ware.
But we still want the shelf module, just a new undamaged one
And not cancel the whole order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
Hello dear great girls and women,
I have some things I just want to write and maybe one or the other feels the same way...
I'm 24, have PTSD, a full-time student and a dog mom - apart from the fact that my dog doesn't scream or go to kindergarten, he's actually 1 in 1 my child.
My friend (together since 6 years) is ill, got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
I visited him yesterday because I also have emotional needs and because I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him take a shower (because his hand is bandaged wg burns).
On top of that, he is cold and we see each other less (1-2x a week) at the moment, which bothers me a lot with my needs for affection and love.
My dog child just had a stomach ache, I cooked for him and now he's lying in his blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there with the heat lamp and petting him.
I live alone with my sister and mother and she's just gone for a month.
Now we also have housework to do, which of course we split up.
But cooking is a lot of work for me right now...
My PTSD illness is currently being adjusted quite well, I have been treated reasonably well and am coping.
Not good, but I'm coping and almost symptom-free.
My university is asking a lot right now (for me), tomorrow at 3 p.m. I have a written test for which I haven't done anything yet and the day after tomorrow an anatomy lesson for which I should at least prepare a little.
And next week I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes next is on my calendar and not in my head because there is no more space.
So my week goes like this: Only until the day after tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But after that, does the whole thing continue?
Only until my birthday.
Only until the start of the holidays.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need these mental cues, because otherwise I won't get it.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic," but I can't do it any other way...
Do you feel the same?
Honestly, I'm infinitely grateful that I don't have to work.
Really infinitely grateful, I can't put that into words.
Don't know if I would have survived my kptbs otherwise.
I think that partly has something to do with the mental load of women and that's why I thought that I would definitely find fellow sufferers here...
I definitely wish you a relaxing evening, the week is almost over!
I received my order today, unfortunately the whole color is different plus the surface is scratched and the table leg has an imprint.
On the first delivery, the color was exactly as on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
If we exchange the table now, will I get a different color or how?
The cancellation email was sent on December 26th #NUMBER#.
Otherwise twice.
But it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I discovered at school back then that many religious teachers did not believe in God and that for them it was just another subject like math or geography.
It was always a bit strange for me, maybe also because I was brought up as a Christian and I always somehow believed that way.
How do you feel about that?
Maybe you can also talk about work and/or study colleagues with different attitudes.
Basically, I understand the difference between private and professional and it makes sense to separate.
Is there a curriculum, etc.
But it would also be strange to have a physics teacher who doesn't believe in the theory of relativity.
Then what makes you want to teach religion if you don't believe it?
Maintaining culture or something?
Hope you question is not too private.
Can't it be changed or not? I like to write in English, I understand that well
That's a very long time, then I would refrain from it
It's good, thanks.
I expect a response as soon as possible, by the beginning of next week at the latest.
Thanks for your support #NAME#.
Movie search Help please
Hello dear people,
I'm looking for a film from my childhood (I'm 24).
I think it was a film for young people.
There are two timelines (or parallel worlds) in the film.
On the one hand, modernity (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the realm of the dead) (not entirely certain).
Since I can't describe it in more detail anyway, in the real world there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead a young soldier (uniform similar to that of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason the paths cross and a plot emerges.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman into this realm in order to be able to live myself, I mean.
I think the transition is also the burial place of the soldier.
In the end both soldiers fight each other I think.
If that tells you something, I'm grateful for every answer.
Our little one only slept on her stomach from week 1.
Fast forward: still alive:D
Relax yourself.
A child like that can take a lot more than you think.
Make sure everything around you is right, no stuffed animals, go in and look more often, but no minutes of surveillance.
That drives you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Oh and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always had a blanket.
Watch your child when he is sleeping.
Does it turn its head to the side?
Can it straighten up a bit from the stomach?
Or is it face first right in the mattress?
From this you can deduce whether everything is in order.
We all grew up and when my husband was born, it was commonplace to put the kids on their stomachs to sleep.
In addition, we are already "regular customers" with you and have already bought a lot of items
But why are you only offering me 20EUR?
Hello, I already wrote to a colleague of yours yesterday and so far no feedback.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived the day before yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer does not fit in the closet.
I ask you to contact me as soon as possible.
The closet cannot be used like this at the moment.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself, not everything can be kept.
And I had a lot of fun with RBTV too.
It's just that the politics of this station are now worse than anything else.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then at the same time go on a big begging tour.
It was said that you are an "independent" Internet broadcaster.
Quote Arno: You don't want to be "a running advertising pillar."
What are you now?
An 0815 advertising station trying to get its BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's Do's & Don'ts.
Which, of course, apply to everyone except Simon and Etienne.
Of course, they can continue to insult people.
A Krogmann who completely lacks empathy and tries to make ashes at the expense of the action with the rented rooms that exploded.
How are you supposed to find all this?
Great if you like it, I think it's terrible.
I would like to call you back because my wooden table was delivered defective.
Body breakage due to damaged delivery of the #PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a comforter for a stomach ache or just to cuddle - my little warmth friend can be used in many ways.
Cherry pit pillows are a traditional home remedy for soothing heat applications, since cherry pits absorb heat very well and release it in doses.
The removable inner cushion can be easily heated in the microwave or in the oven.
The soft cover makes the application particularly pleasant so that the little ones feel safe, even if they are not doing so well.
The cherry pit pillow with cover is only suitable as a heat pad for the following areas of application:
Before heating the pillow, check for an atypical smell, stick or burn marks and dispose of them immediately if they are present.
Please take the inner pillow out of the cover to warm it up beforehand!
Heat in the microwave at a maximum of 300 watts for a maximum of 2 minutes (observe the instructions of the microwave manufacturer!)
Immediately after heating, shake the heat evenly throughout the pillow!
Then put the inner pillow back in the cover.
At the first heating, there may be a slight formation of moisture on the surface, but this disappears with repeated applications.
Be sure to follow the heating instructions given, as longer times or higher energy outputs can lead to damage (risk of ignition and burns!).
Before heating the pillow in the microwave, check that the manufacturer's instructions allow heating grain products.
After the heated inner pillow has been put back into the cover, please check the temperature of the pillow for suitability for babies (max. 43 °C) on the crook of your arm!
Do not use the pillow in the case of acute and chronic, inflammatory or feverish diseases, circulatory problems, fresh bruises, bruises and open wounds, and in people with reduced sensitivity to pain.
If you have existing skin, heart, veins, diabetes or tumor diseases or if you are pregnant, please contact a doctor before use.
If the seams have opened and loose cores leak, dispose of the product and the loose cores immediately and are not accessible to children.
If the product is used on babies under 1 year old, the child's temperature should be checked regularly during use to rule out overheating!
All serious incidents related to the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country in which the user is established.
The cover is removable and machine washable at 30°C.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt after Hinserie second - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hanover 96 is working its way out of the table cellar.
For Ingolstadt, things are not going well under the third coach either.
Cheering in Darmstadt after the late win in the top game, joy in Hanover about interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the unsuccessful debut under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Last night my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was no longer charged by my power supply.
I bought this new about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought the power supply alone was enough to operate.
Nothing, the battery is empty and the laptop no longer starts despite the power supply being plugged in.
I then removed the battery, but nothing happened here either.
Do you have any ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in mains operation?
Is there something else broken?
Thank you for your help!
I want the #PRS_ORG# delivered to my room.
How can I book this?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
But don't know how high the seat is.....
Often on tour and still have a lot of equipment with you?
No problem with the Everyday V2 Backpack by Peak Design!
20 liters capacity also swallow larger photo equipment without any problems, which can be safely stowed away using the padded FlexFold dividers.
And what else you need in everyday objects remains well organized and separable from the photo equipment thanks to practical access points in the individually configurable interior.
With the "update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The chic, minimalist design has it all - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack and still allow access to photo equipment in seconds.
This works in two ways: First, conventionally via the lid flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch closure system, an excellently thought-out solution for effective protection that has already proven itself with messenger bags.
There is a metal hook in the closure flap with matching anchor bars on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different "filling levels": there are 4 anchor bars, riveted stably, into which the locking hook can be hooked.
If the backpack is fully loaded, you simply take the top bar, if it is rather empty, a lower one.
The flap closure and hook are also magnetic.
The backpack can also be closed reliably without snapping the hook.
The second option also fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other photo backpacks: in addition to the lid flap, there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest disadvantage of traditional top access backpacks - you no longer have to rummage through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail increases the everyday suitability of the backpack enormously: if you take not only your photo equipment with you, but also everyday objects or luggage.
In the Everyday Backpack you can configure the interior individually (more on this below) and thus easily store both separately - and access them independently through the two side openings.
You can also pull the backpack in front of your body from the right side, for example to access the camera equipment in the right main compartment, while everyday things stay safely in the left half of the backpack and don't get in the way.
Comfortable, easily adjustable shoulder straps help.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made entirely from 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents stay dry even if you head to Scotland in the autumn.
Unfortunately I wait in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME# sent me an email yesterday confirming that they had hired the
Contacted by the forwarding agent to pick up the incorrectly delivered table.
So far I haven't received any message.
I ask for immediate processing.
I'm already writing with the third support employee, I didn't get any further than the promise that I would receive an email as confirmation.
It is the return of the incorrectly delivered Custom #NAME#
Is it foreseeable when the cabinet could be delivered again?
Keeping it that way is not an option for me...
It works.
Thank you very much for the help
Have a nice evening
hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. when will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was on January 12th, 2011.
I received a completely different lamp than I ordered
Please call me
If you extend my voucher, I will place a larger order right away, but at least I kept the damaged piece of furniture and did not send it back.
And I couldn't have guessed that the past year had gone differently than expected and couldn't redeem and clarify it in time.
But I have the damage as a customer and I don't accept that.
Rotinger brake discs are designed to meet the demands of dynamic drivers who value reliability and safety when braking, even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are made of cast iron and then machined (drilled and cut).
All tuned discs are produced in short series according to individual technical characteristics specific to certain discs and patterns.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing, a special production program is created, which depends on the properties of the original assembly when balancing the disc.
The tuned discs manufactured in this way ensure high comfort and braking efficiency.
Additional openings increase the effectiveness of cooling the disc, while the cuts improve cleaning of the brake discs and brake pads.
Aesthetic properties of our tuned windows underline the character of every car with an attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the west coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man discovered glowing boulders in the water at the southern fork of the American River.
Although he tried to keep his discovery a secret, the news spread quickly, sparking the so-called "California Gold Rush" of '49.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest growing and thriving cities in the country.
Areas were staked out, tents pitched, and saloons and hotels sprang up almost overnight.
Everyone wanted their share of the country's wealth.
For many it was: "Coloma or Bust" (Coloma or bankruptcy)!
In this game you are a pioneer who seeks wealth in the West and wants to make a name for himself.
You will look for gold, recruit workers, herd horses and build businesses.
You will also get the opportunity to explore the surrounding rivers and adjacent areas.
You are not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You have to outperform your fellow pioneers to avoid going bust with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many paths to victory.
You choose your actions simultaneously, have to budget with your resources and set up a tableau that "works" more and more for you (so-called "engine building").
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, get additional actions or turn rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can develop your individual playing style with the help of fine adjustments.
Coloma is set over a three-year period from 1848 (the year the gold was discovered in Coloma), through 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) to 1850 (the year California gained official statehood).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players will secretly and simultaneously select a location on the game board where they can perform actions.
After that, their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers on the appropriate locations.
If a location has the most pioneers, it will be banned!
This deactivates one half of the location - reducing the possible actions there.
Then players take turns performing actions such as winning resources, moving wagons, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening shops and positioning gunslingers.
When all actions are completed, the pioneers will return.
The promoter rotates to a new location at the beginning of each round, changing the available actions.
This continues until the advertiser has moved five times, covering each location once, and the year ends.
There is a shootout in which players have to defend Coloma from an incursion of angry bandits.
If players have contributed enough gunslingers and outnumber the bandits, they will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they will receive lower rewards or end up in the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shooting, then the final scoring takes place.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free shipping, I use the shipping method, shipment of goods (games wrapped) up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm.
Everything else is mostly DPD insured and with shipment tracking (games wrapped in foil, wrapped with fleece and packing paper).
If you are a collector, I can also send a box in a box for an additional charge of 2 euros, which means that there are 100% no pressure points.
"Why children are not tyrants" documentary, ARD media library
CW mental violence, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentary appeared on my Twitter timeline today and I watched it right away.
>The child psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a welcome guest on talk shows and gives lectures throughout Europe.
With his book "Why Our Children Become Tyrants" (2008) he sparked a heated debate about education.
Former patients and legal guardians are now making serious allegations against him.
Please take care of yourselves, the film is hard to bear.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
It must never, never, never! be about power over the child for us parents and other responsible persons.
Our goal must always be to give the child space for its development and to make the framework for the child as large as it makes sense and is possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shaking.
Holetschek: Countries are advising on the elimination of the test requirement for those who have been vaccinated three times
At their next meeting, the state health ministers want to decide on a nationwide abolition of the test requirement for those who have been vaccinated three times.
"We countries need clarity quickly as to whether and from when the obligation to test can be dropped for those who have been vaccinated three times," said Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the conference of health ministers, of the "Bild am Sonntag".
The elimination of 2G plus for those who have been vaccinated three times is "not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional vaccination incentive," said Holetschek.
Federal Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised "that he will make a proposal to the Conference of Health Ministers next Tuesday." − afp
So I want to send the lamp back
What's the best way to do it?
Hello, I really like the #PRS_ORG# chair, but I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me?
I can no longer make a purchase using my #PRS_ORG#.
Display: Oops, an error has occurred.
Purchase via the #PRS_ORG# page on the computer.
I have updated my account details.
What can be the reason?
What you describe is referred to as *awareness*, i.e. sensory perceptions under general anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of about 1 in 1000.
Hearing noises/voices is the most common, seeing images is less common and perception of pain is the least common.
Relevant for this topic: Caesarean sections are operations that are associated with an increased rate of awareness, since a very deep anesthetic is avoided to protect the child up to the umbilical cord.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned during the anesthetic preliminary interview.
Certain anesthesia procedures such as total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA) are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear everyone, this comment from me describes awareness correctly, but** u/Nitemarex **didn't have any by definition.
I misread your comment.
However, the chair is defective.
Unfortunately, the 20€ don't help us either.
These are statutory warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be for them to take back the defective chair.
In addition to the legal obligation, this is also standard in the area of e-commerce.
Please check again whether you can at least take back the defective chair.
We then sell the second chair privately.
We also lose a lot of money there.
I have already sent you an email that you have not answered.
The question again.
The order and the invoice state that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The carrier is company #NAME#.
I just called there.
I was told they only deliver to my doorstep - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is that so?
If so, I have to cancel the order because I don't know anyone who can carry the heavy furniture to the first floor for me.
won't I be called?
I formulated a question
Theater historian Günther Rühle died at the age of 97
He has distinguished himself as a theater critic and as an artistic director.
He later wrote a monumental theater history.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
The new book is still lying on the table, fresh from the press: "An old man gets older."
The shocking diary of a slow farewell to the world, which the theater historian and journalist Günther Rühle kept until April 2021.
And in the middle of reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book reads: "I give my thanks here."
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common are euro pallets, standardized wooden pallets, which are mainly used as load carriers in Europe.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to data from Statistics Austria, over ten million pallets were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was a good 79 million euros.
How many pallets are imported to Austria each year is not recorded
New York wins the MLS championship for the first time
New York City FC has won the Major League Soccer title for the first time.
After a 1-1 draw in regulation time against hosts Portland Timbers, the Eastern Conference team won the final 4-2 on penalties.
In the Eastern Conference finals, New York defeated Philadelphia Union, the team of German Kai Wagner.
Roulade Tips & Tricks
I got a lot of great tips for the perfect goulash here a week ago.
This was for Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and buttery tender!
So thanks again for that:)
Now I've got a taste for it and would like to cook roulades for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will prepare a beef stock for it.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a large pot.
What's next?
What about the books or how can I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English isn't that good anymore, but I can do it
It's about a refund of €#NUMBER#
I was already informed by email on January 18th that the refund had been made.
But to date I have not received the money.
Would you please check there.
Where there is still Christmas roast in the Lübeck area
For many people, goose or duck is one of the Christmas days, like the Christmas tree and the presents.
Haven't bought any poultry yet?
Time is running out now.
We'll tell you where you can still get a Christmas roast in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube power amp contributes significantly to the warmth and fat content of the guitar amp sound.
These features are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controls you can set the desired level on the one hand and the distortion content of your sounds on the other.
In addition, the VT+ series amplifiers offer a unique POWER LEVEL control that allows you to lower the sound level without changing the "gain" and distortion.
It was already mentioned above that the POWER LEVEL control can even be used to boost a power reserve when things get outrageously loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL control, the entire potential of the VT+ series can be used in any situation.
The headphone socket can also be used as a line output.
The signal present here is processed with a box simulation, so that you get an eminently "acoustic" sound impression even when using headphones or when recording directly.
A CD or MP3 player can be connected to the AUX socket so you can jam along to your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also treat yourself to a VFS5 footswitch, you can also conveniently call up the sounds with your foot, turn the effect blocks on/off and "tap" the tempo of the compatible effects.
This is actually indispensable for live use.
With its new power packs, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But I saw it that way with others.
Is it possible for you to send the lamp back?
Since it hangs too low for over a dining table?
So I would like to send them back.
Can you help me further?
And the dresser?
Will we receive another update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat in the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
If it doesn't work, I would also be satisfied with a discount or voucher.
I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Only over 1,000 euros for goods that I don't need are a bit much.
I have just received my delivery and would like to know if screws were provided as part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) on the provided hooks.
That's not a satisfactory answer and the wait wasn't worth it
Do you have a premium customer status?
Iran sees progress in nuclear deal negotiations
According to Iranian information, progress is being made in the negotiations on reviving the international nuclear agreement.
"Both sides are about to agree on the issues that should be on the agenda," Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri told the Irna news agency on Sunday.
This is a "positive and important development" because initially there was not even agreement on the topics to be negotiated.
The agreement is intended to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks to revive the agreement continued after an interruption of almost a week.
Negotiators from Iran, Germany, Great Britain, China, France and Russia are taking part in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also on site in Vienna, but only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now federal state with the highest corona incidence
Thuringia has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest incidence nationwide.
The value is the only federal state above the 1000 mark.
Thuringia was the only federal state with a corona incidence above the 1000 mark on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day value with 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which had recently had the highest incidence nationwide, this value was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia fell slightly, but was also above 1000.
In Thuringia, 2242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 other deaths related to an infection were reported within a day.
200 people seriously ill with Covid-19 were treated for intensive care in hospitals on Sunday.
Reporting delays may occur on weekends.
In addition, the health authorities have been overloaded for weeks and are hardly behind in recording new cases.
I understand that.
Since delivery will not take place until the beginning of March, it may be possible by then.
I have to print it out and stick it on the package and hand it in at the post office, that's it, isn't it?
I don't have to click/specify/fill in anything else here?
This is exactly what I want to avoid, that's why I'm writing to you.
I would like to take care of the return shipment at my own expense.
8 euro return fee is in my opinion a cheek.
It's time for change
###MBundestag Greetings, I'm u/StratorDE in the plenary hall in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#Why the post here?
If you look at the activity in the past few months of the MBundestag, you can see one thing: it does not exist.
We got into a hibernation and extended the summer hole to a few months.
#Where is the problem?
Yes, what was the reason?
For the most part, this should simply be related to dissatisfaction with how some things have gone here and how we are in general.
In the last few days, there has been an increasing impression that many here are still really interested in the MBundestag.
#What we need to change
At this point, the community around the MBundestag is in demand, which wants to keep it alive.
The impetus came from u/edizVEVO, who became aware of this project in the last few days and, to put it simply, found a heap of rubble.
After some writing back and forth, several people from the community found themselves interested in rebuilding the project.
However, I would also like to once again expressly call on everyone to participate, this is the only way this project can continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a discord server on which we can exchange ideas and work out specific things.
You can join the server via this link.
Goals:
* How should the MBundestag work in the future?
* Which existing regulations need to be changed / adjusted / removed?
* How should we appear to the outside world in the future?
* How should new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair voting system?
I'm pretty sure I forgot a few things, but that's not a bad thing, we end up with the Discord.
If you have the time and inclination, join the Discord, work with us and let us decide democratically about the future.
I have ordered a lampshade from you that will still be delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/clumsy for this and not suitable for my taste.
I have already ordered a different suspension from you.
I put it together and then noticed this when I took the soft foam.
Very sad about it.
I hope this is returned and I have a full refund.
This is also quite sad as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have another question: the bedspread #PRS_ORG#, is it also available in oversize, i.e. in 240/240, for example?
#PRS_ORG# must be able to guarantee that the faulty cabinet will be picked up promptly.
And I'm asking you to do it now.
I don't have suitable packaging, but I will dismantle the cabinet as far as possible for collection - you have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how this can then work.
#PRS_ORG# can contact me by phone at any time to arrange a collection appointment.
Are there instructions for assembly?
How long would I have to get them or decide to send them back?
How do you answer the question why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I like.
She herself used to live vegetarian for a while, and currently probably rarely eats meat.
I myself was a vegetarian for a few years before that.
When asked if I had always wanted to be vegan and vegetarianism was a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without thinking too much.
Namely, that for a long time I thought that as a vegetarian I would support animal welfare, but at some point I reflected and understood that I was ultimately also supporting animal cruelty.
Hence my decision to go vegan.
At that moment I had the impression that displeasure arose on her side, she then defended vegetarianism and said she knew where her meat came from and that as a vegetarian you reduced animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer was too "plump"?
How do you answer the question?
Have the feeling that as a vegan you are quickly put in a corner and conflicts arise without relying on them.
Greetings from a harmony loving vegan (;
It is clearly not an exception according to § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not release you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I will not be there on the assigned date when #PRS_ORG# picks up my return.
Since I can't be there because of a funeral, unfortunately that can't be changed either.
Can I please be assigned an alternative collection date?
From 01.02.#NUMBER# I can be found again throughout.
Lahnstein weir equipped for water rescue: 45,000 euros subsidy from the state
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior, Roger Lewentz, presented Lord Mayor Peter Labonte with a grant of 45,000 euros for the new water rescue equipment truck from the Lahnstein volunteer fire brigade in the Lahnstein town hall.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in use since November 2020, was 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in security.
I am pleased that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this," says Lahnstein's Lord Mayor Peter Labonte.
The equipment car is used by the Lahnstein diving squadron, one of a total of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below water, they perform tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, increasing use is expected in the long term: The boom in hotel shipping on the Rhine and Moselle and the increasing use of the Lahn as a leisure river are contributing to this.
I bought a book that I could only read 10% of the time and then the problems started.
I can not open the book.
Followed their recommendations, but synced, removed and reloaded the app NOTHING worked.
I'm a little frustrated because the whole campaign has already cost me a lot of time and now I'm hoping for help.
Okay, that's how it is.
I would like to order 3 items from the #PRS_ORG# collection for June.
Can I enter an appointment during the ordering process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the values previously obtained were determined in the Fenix laboratory at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values may vary depending on the flashlight used, age and environment.
*: The burning time in the bright level includes the burning time with reduced brightness due to overheat protection.
2) Dealers are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the retailer or distributor they purchased Fenix lights from for warranty support with the Fenixlight Limited 'Warranty Card' and either a commercial invoice or receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts needed to maintain our lights.
1) 15-Day Free Replacement: Fenix will replace a new product within 15 days of purchase due to any manufacturing defect if problems occur during normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
If the model has been discontinued, customers will receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers free repair for lamps within 5 years from the date of purchase if there is a problem under normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
With the exception of the products and accessories listed above, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited Lifetime Warranty: For lights that have exceeded the free repair warranty period, we offer lifetime repairs but charge a fee for parts.
The dealer will notify the customer of the cost of the part before repair.
4) Warranty Certificate: Customers request after-sales service from Fenix dealers or dealers by presenting a completed Fenix warranty card, purchase invoice or receipt.
The distributor should offer services to customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover damage or failure caused by:
any defect or damage caused by improper operation includes, but is not limited to, operation not in accordance with the warranty or notices in the product specification.
For example, the product specification describes that the sealed head must not be disassembled as this can damage the flashlight and void the warranty.
Any defect or damage resulting from other conduct cannot be reasonably controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type/model of the warranty item, serial number.
First of all, thank you for facing the whole thing here, I also spent almost a decade in the civil service in a similar job, i.e. we were also weapons carriers in the executive branch, I don't want to go into it any further!
I always find the question of right and left to be very simplified.
Basically, one should say that, of course, the civil servant comes more from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, that should actually be clear to everyone.
It should also be clear to everyone that, of course, people to the right of conservatives are magically attracted to people in particular in uniforms and weapons carriers, and that these people then naturally find it difficult to deal with the lived reality. Of course it is also clear, because in addition to the average white person, you now have many Germans with a migration background, women and also homosexuals (and by that I don't mean the exaggeratedly feminine clichéd gays, because there are fewer or none of them in the executive branch, but completely normal men and women who you don't notice if they don't tell you) and also on these people I can and have to rely on them, because in case of doubt they will save your life or use it for you.
But these fringe groups also represent a conservative attitude, even if it sounds strange at first in my experience, i.e. they are proud of Germany and feel less taken up by exaggerated left-wing politics, even if this politics supposedly advocates for them or thinks they are right to do, they simply want to be treated normally.
Back to the right, since the police and armed forces are of course also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme right-wing people there, but the fact that they are allowed to openly express their opinion there or even openly forge any plans that endanger the state is completely exaggerated in the media and also annoys me.
Of course, it happens that police officers and soldiers who have often been deployed abroad often start to generalize due to negative experiences and sometimes say things that are controversial to politically incorrect.
It also happens that certain right-wing comrades meet who engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, something like this is well fought and also counteracted with political education and enlightenment!
Germany is so internationally entangled and that's a good thing in my opinion that we couldn't afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks at all!
yes, what I don't understand, I also ordered the other basket on the German side.
Why should this come from England?
When I ordered it wasn't sold out.
I already ordered in November.
but it was confirmed to me in your confirmation of the order
It's still about my order, which is no longer available.
I chatted with #NAME# before.
Alternatively, could the other #PRS_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# euros in black still be delivered to Germany or is this basket also available somewhere in Germany.
I only ever find you as a partner company.
but at the top of the edge of the wood part are two deep notches that have been filled with something yellow
and there is a small scratch on the mirror itself
Tidyer by child?
Hello, I (w32) have been occupied with one thing for a long time.
I'm very disciplined and organized at work (I'm self-employed, very little free time), but throughout my life I've had a hard time keeping my household clean and tidy permanently.
There are always phases in which everything is left lying around, and now and then it grabs me and I tidy up and clean.
But it's never really like "someone could come visit spontaneously."
My husband is (unfortunately) no better either, it does bother me somewhere, but mostly household simply loses out against work and disinclination.
The kitchen is cleaned most regularly because we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to get more tidy with a child?
We don't have one yet, but we're working on it and this question has been bothering me for a long time.
Because for me I have no incentive, it just doesn't bother me that much as long as there is no visitor and z. b. fresh clothes are always there and the kitchen can be used.
Do you have a greater incentive with a child or do you remain sloppy?
Looking forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, high-quality and anatomically preformed cut offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus allows almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Preforming with special, wide embossing on the joints for improved freedom of movement (on arm and knee bends)
For the Focea Comfort 4, the area covered by the Flex System 2 has been more than doubled in order to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels at the joints reduce friction (armpits, arm and squats)
High-quality preforms in the lower back area and in the crotch ensure a snug, perfect fit.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar region increases flexibility with the back zipper, improving comfort, especially when bending over and when mounting and donning equipment on the surface.
The Free Flex Zone, located around the shoulders and back, guarantees increased flexibility in arm and back movements.
Fireskin is a warming, water-repellent material with a special surface structure that offers a high degree of protection against the cold.
Positioned on the chest, it brings warmth to a sensitive area of the body.
Seamless, thin (-2mm) face seal on hood increases comfort, seal and durability (separate head hood)
A soft zone in the collar improves the seal with a finely adjustable width adjustment thanks to a flexible, gentle Velcro fastener that does not stick to the lining or the seams
Zipped double cuffs at the wrists and ankles combine a foldable inner cuff with a soft, lined neoprene outer cuff
45° notch at the end of the inner cuff for increased elasticity and resilience when tightening.
Long zip at the neck with Elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on overalls without a hood
Long G-Lock P back zipper (coverall without hood) with metal slider and integrated Water Dam System for improved sealing (Beuchat patent)
Zippers on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements at all ends of the zippers to prevent tearing if excessive force is used.
Neoprene panels bonded flush with outer and inner overlap
Edges of outer cuffs hemmed for greater resilience
Inner cuff edges notched for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system was designed to keep the computer in place, especially during deeper dives (the system is compatible with all major wrist computers)
A career in social work - as someone with an insecure personality disorder?
I did an apprenticeship in the field of software development and have now studied for about a year.
Unfortunately, I'm realizing more and more that this job is not the right one for me, which is why I've been thinking for a long time about starting over and studying social work.
The problem: I have an insecure (or anxiety-avoidant) personality disorder (ÄVPS).
Roughly speaking, this means that I have no self-esteem and am accordingly shy.
I have no problem talking to people on a matter-of-fact level, but I find it very difficult to have casual conversations and have often been told that I seem unapproachable (although I think that's gotten better).
Can I become a social worker like that?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth club, but rather in addiction counseling or family support, for example.
But I don't know if the specific everyday work is really what I imagine it to be, and it's difficult to find anything about it on the Internet.
The ÄVPS is already leading to problems in my job (for me, emotionally), because it pulls me down every time there is something to complain about in my code ("still screwed up the simplest things") and I find it difficult for more experienced colleagues to ask for help ("I should really know how to do it myself by now"/"I keep him from work with my stupid questions"/"he must think I'm really poor" etc.).
I will probably have the problems in every job, but I wanted to mention it at the time.
But have you already received the sofa back?
Because there was no confirmation for that either.
I'm waiting for an appointment for pickup
What do you mean by return please !
When I have downloaded a book to the #PRS_ORG#, I get the message Your #PRS_ORG# does not authorize this book
are there problems?
I was chatting with #PRS_ORG# who asked me if I got a delivery confirmation for my closet.
The protein consumed with the food is broken down by the bird in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and from these, in turn, it builds its own body proteins, which it also needs for plumage formation.
The formation of plumage in nestlings and the formation of new plumage in molting birds are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high level of stress on the animal's entire organism.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, as this can lead to disturbances in the incubation process.
Following this course of administration of NEKTON-Bio, you should go back to the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation).
The protein consumed with the food is broken down by the bird in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and from these, in turn, it builds its own body proteins, which it also needs for plumage formation.
The formation of plumage in nestlings and the formation of new plumage in molting birds are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high level of stress on the animal's entire organism.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, as this can lead to disturbances in the incubation process.
Following this course of administration of NEKTON-Bio, you should go back to the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation).
1 g NEKTON-Bio to 250 ml water or 100 g soft food.
It is advisable to prepare only as much drinking water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change water/food daily.
A level measuring spoon (included) corresponds to 1 g NEKTON-Bio.
In the case of severe plumage damage, a double or triple dose of NEKTON-Bio can be given at the beginning until the beginning of the new plumage formation is visible.
After that, the normal dose is given until the new plumage formation is fully completed.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry, away from direct sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Please excuse me, but the chair is being sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months?
The warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
This is really very bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to say my order arrived damaged and pictures were attached.
Did you receive this email?
Statement of a community employee in contradiction to the statute
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
So application submitted to the municipality.
An employee writes to me that the felling of fruit trees and thus the walnut is not part of the statute.
In the statutes, however, the walnut is explicitly stated as a tree to be protected.
Can I now rely on the statement of the employee or not?
On the one hand, I have to be able to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statute is clear.
Thank you for your answers
We understand that.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I haven't received a message
Well, then I still have a sofo without use.
Could you offer me a discount or a voucher?
What were more expensive?
yes, I think so, the only question is whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check that?
Breaking news: Serious traffic accident in Selb
A serious traffic accident recently occurred on St 2179 between the Selb-Nord junction and Plößberg.
As the police press alarm currently announces (2:03 p.m.), a car came into oncoming traffic while overtaking.
There are injured.
Ah okay I see.
Well, then thank you again for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
First of all, Merry Christmas to you!
Unfortunately, my Christmas is moderately good because my dear head is currently thinking about everything you can think about.
Before I go into detail here .. in short: I need advice and preferably from people who somehow know my situation - i.e. from you.
I'm doing the ref right now as a career changer.
Originally I studied something else and also worked there in one area (in order to remain at least a little anonymous, I won't name anything more precise here).
But then the whole thing was too boring for me and I looked for alternatives that could be more fun for me.
At some point I ended up becoming a teacher and I was sure that was it - even if the framework conditions are significantly more inflexible than in my previous job, but I didn't care.
I have now arrived at the third "I google other job postings".
And it's only been half a year.
The times before that I always decided to go ahead and at least finish the ref, after that I can still switch.
But right now I'm absolutely done.
I've had so little free time over the past month that I'm completely drained.
It's vacation time now, but there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref I always thought I was stress-resistant, but then my weekend was my weekend and my end of work was my end of work.
I was free then.
And the stress at work didn't matter in the moments.
Now even the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that annoy me even more.
Basically it's fun and from the outside the ref is also doing well in terms of feedback and such.
But I'm completely drained and wonder how much stress my body can handle before it shuts down completely - if it's not already doing so.
I'm wondering if I want it to be like this for the rest of my working life - especially when I'm reading some of your posts here - or if I shouldn't go back to the old area where I was valued, take my free time when I needed it, and although I found the work kind of boring, I was paid appropriately for it and worked on something together in a team and not as a lone fighter, as is the case most of the time now.
But then I ask myself if in a year I won't have come back to the same place as now and am dissatisfied.
You notice that everything is kind of confused, but maybe you as an outsider have advice or ideas on how I can get out of this situation that I'm completely done with and start crying at the slightest thought.
I'm not going to make decisions that emotionally right now, that probably won't lead to anything good.
But maybe your views will help me to at least see a little light at the end of the tunnel - or to be able to enjoy Christmas, that's enough for now.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whiny undertone of me.
I hope my situation has become at least a little clear.
Since its introduction in 2001, VOX's Valvetronix series has continued to evolve, including the combination of advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly emulates the behavior of a tube amp.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X amps, we are introducing a brand new modeling engine that is absolutely state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to the VET technology (Virtual Element Technology), which is based on the analysis of the components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers come up with an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also contain the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamp.
This is based in part on real analog circuits because they simply get the tonal variations and nuances of a tube amp better than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuit, the VTX amplifiers offer a closed housing and a bass reflex system from which the natural resonances just bubble up.
With VOX's "Tone Room" software, you can even correct and twist historical facts on the virtual level until the amp and effects sound the way you always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been refined several times since then to meet newly added sound requirements, which in 2010 again led to a performance boost for the VOX Valvetronix series - with more dynamics and more numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series has also been designed in such a way that all guitarists looking for maximum sound variety will find what they are looking for here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amp: They expect a fat sound, a nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string attack as well as a prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that the power amp in particular determines the tube character of an amplifier and based on this finding developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology.
Equipped with a 12AX7 tube, the Valve Reactor circuitry of each VT+ amp perfectly reflects the behavior, subtle nuances and tonal character of a tube amp.
NBA: Despite 20 points from Wagner: Magic lose at Clippers
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it's not enough to win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 at the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually positionable and foldable Velcro fasteners, it adapts to the needs of your photo equipment and is therefore suitable for any type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-frame SLR cameras.
Of course, what ultimately fits in the backpack depends on the size of the camera and the lenses.
A possible configuration would be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses and a clip-on flash.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models in the Sony a7 series or a Fuji X-T2 still leave room for more lenses.
You can also store a lot of accessories.
And those who have a small DSLM camera (Olympus MFT cameras, Fujifilm X-A or E-series) can use the backpack for their equipment and for non-photographic things.
Drone pilots also make the best choice with the Everyday Backpack 20L, because the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcano eruption on La Palma: probably the longest in history
In the almost three months since the eruption began, the lava flows have caused great damage on the Canary Island.
Is there an end in sight?
With a duration of 85 days now, the volcanic eruption on La Palma has been the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary Island since Sunday.
So far, the eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585 with 84 days was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
There is no reliable data on previous outbreaks.
The activity of the still nameless volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has decreased somewhat in the past few days, but volcanologists have not dared to predict when it could end.
The indicators indicate a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," said the President of the Island Council, Mariano Hernández Zapata, the state TV broadcaster RTVE.
Damages in the millions
In the nearly three months since the eruption began, the 1,000-degree hot lava has destroyed nearly 2,900 homes and other structures, RTVE reported.
Almost 1200 hectares were covered by a meter thick layer of lava.
This corresponds to almost 1700 football pitches.
More than 7,000 residents had to be evacuated, and the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Two new promontories with a total size of about 50 hectares were created off the coast by cooled lava.
The banana cultivation, which is immensely important for the island, was particularly badly affected, about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly from it and which was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, and other areas were severely affected, wrote the newspaper "El País."
Christmas and the presents
Christmas is just around the corner and the children in particular will hardly be able to wait for the heavenly festival.
The many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree, combined with the spiritual atmosphere and crackling excitement, have something seductive about them.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still hold our increasingly divided society together.
It is all the more important to become aware of the Christmas tradition of giving gifts, so that the gesture of giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss was a peace-building "social contract of primitive peoples", escapes the rigid routine and can be brought back to life in the context of this tradition.
How Santa Claus became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who closely linked the Christmas days to giving presents.
Before that, gifts of one kind or another were presented to each other on St. Nicholas Day.
The background to this custom, which is still popular today, is that Saint Nicholas, as bishop of Myra, secretly threw gold into three women's windows in one night in order to spare them another life of sin.
This unconventional way of giving presents gave rise to the custom, which is popular in Germany, of filling the boots of children in particular with gifts.
Protestants opposed this custom because they rejected mediators between God and men as "saint worship".
For these reasons, they are keeping themselves against the institution.
Martin Luther made St. Nicholas the Christ Child and thus established a new line of tradition.
The focus of gift-giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
Since most Protestants no longer see such detailed questions so narrowly, only very few are annoyed that the custom of Saint Nicholas, like the Martin custom with Martinssingen and Martin parade, is still an integral part of the pre-Christmas period.
Today you can find everything your heart desires in boots in front of the door and under the Christmas tree, from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources show a tradition of giving gifts since the 13th century on Saint Nicholas Day.
With the Reformation, the day of giving presents shifted to Christmas Eve.
In all Christian countries, however, there is a happy Kuddelmuddel about the question of who is now bringing the children the presents.
In Germany, it depends on the respective region whether the Christ Child appears on Christmas Eve or Santa Claus, who is basically a kind of Santa Claus, to whom some peculiarities have been assigned over time.
These include, for example, his white beard, which has little in common with the rather severe Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sleigh pulled by reindeer and his preference for the chimney to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain, the three kings give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the Child Jesus.
In Scandinavia, mythical creatures sometimes bring gifts, while in Russia it brought Father Frost some fame.
Here it is not reindeer, but three horses that pull his sleigh as a troika.
In the Czech Republic, the motherland of the Reformation in the wake of the Hussite Wars, the Christ Child is responsible for handing over the gifts.
Receive this error message for 3 weeks when trying to download a new book, but my account details and contact details are up to date:
Please help with troubleshooting as I
otherwise buy another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
I requested a return label for my order #NUMBER# last week and this morning.
I was told one would be sent to me.
Since I haven't received one yet (not in the SPAM folder either), I wanted to ask how long this usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near the Royal Palace
An armed man was shot dead by police near Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police said callers reported a man who allegedly went into a bank and a bookmaker's store with a gun.
According to the authorities, the man fled in a vehicle that was stopped by officers a little later.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
Several embassies are located in the area around Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
which one?
No matter where I click, I will be redirected to your page immediately.
The decorative lamp blends harmoniously into any bed, garden area or rock garden.
The lamp is easy to set up and can be anchored to the ground with 2 ground spikes.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar module for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Illumination time max. 10 hours
- The robust plastic version can be used outdoors all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow with color inside.
"Smart Stone," on the other hand, is completely harmless: the sun alone ensures that this solar light shines fascinatingly - optionally in white or colored light (in six different shades).
The edgeless, amorphous design has been deliberately chosen: this modern light object presents itself like a naturally formed large pebble by day.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment - whether at the edge of the terrace, in the lawn or in the stone bed.
It also does well in the vicinity of larger pebbles and boulders, where it knows how to hold its own thanks to its size.
You can save yourself a lot of preparatory work: as a solar light, "Smart Stone" does not need a cable or batteries.
Place the "light stone" in any place illuminated by the sun during the day.
Two supplied ground spikes ensure a firm hold if necessary.
The matte white plastic case itself is robust and weatherproof.
Its solar panel discreetly hides "Smart Stone" inside, along with its battery and two LEDs - one for white light and the other for colored light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight falls on the housing.
When dusk falls, "Smart Stone" begins to glow automatically; you decide in which color: you have a choice of six attractive light colors - in addition to daylight white.
Finally, switching off is also automatic as soon as the battery charge level has dropped to a predetermined minimum or it becomes light again.
As soon as the sun shines again, the charging cycle starts all over again the next day.
I've done that several times and it doesn't work.
It's a pity, I would have liked to have continued to order from you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, then I will not order again as a matter of principle.
If you change your mind, let me know.
Otherwise, that was the last contact today.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
No hardware store is open in lockdown anyway.....
The engine control of the LokSound 5 has again been fundamentally improved.
A variably adjustable PWM clock frequency of 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super-quiet operation, especially with anchored bell motors - the typical "rumbling" is a thing of the past.
The load control can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function allows the decoder to be automatically calibrated to the motor.
With a motor current of up to 1.5A, the LokSound 5 decoder also supplies enough juice for older motors.
- please use the Ebay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are correctly summarized.
- You will receive an email with the package number for tracking purposes.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT from the specialist retailer for each purchase of new goods.
- we usually process your order or request within 24 hours on working days.
Pill problem
Hello dear women,
I hope I'm doing everything right here, it's actually my first post after a year of reddit.
About my problem: About five years ago I had to start taking the pill again, mainly because I had such incredibly bad pain during my period and shit PMS before my period.
Now I would like to leave that alone because I have to take enough medication due to chronic diseases that I can't choose.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain, but my skin.
During my last break of about two years, I got explosive pimples from 0 to 100 and they were everywhere.
So far so superficial, but it burdened me a lot and I didn't feel comfortable.
In the two-year break, the whole thing never really normalized.
Maybe someone has some tips to avoid this time.
My cosmetics are already perfume-free and without fuss, but maybe there is something that someone can recommend to me.
Unfortunately, the gynecologist didn't take me that seriously and a dermatologist's appointment is still to come.
Many thanks to everyone who read the novel!
Yes, the dear skin is such a thing.
Had bad atopic dermatitis in advance, then a period of rest, then large-scale nodule lichen and the acne issue.
I also tried everything possible in the course of chr. illness and got stuck on a mixed diet of sugar, milk and low meat because nothing else worked really well.
It may also be that hormonally the worm is in it, but if, like me, you have construction sites everywhere, you'd rather not go looking for anything else that goes wrong.
I already had everything from her colleague semina or similar.
Wrote and now I've lost the conversation and I don't know what was answered to my request.
I always have to work in between and answer the phone and suddenly everything was gone...
what is there to check, if the money was there I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but is it generally available in large sizes
since it is available in large black
The Zappiti 4K HDR Series - The Best Movie Experience Ever!
Zappiti designs and manufactures high-quality video management systems; for the best image quality, excellent performance and the best possible user-friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you convenient and intuitive access to your entire movie library in stunning 4K high definition resolution.
Award-winning Zappiti players are successfully used around the world to enhance the movie experience, both in the home and in commercial settings.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the latest 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video file formats, full BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with a billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and features a wide, solid chassis, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best possible home cinema experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers outstanding image quality - far better than previous generations - with improved dynamics, precise color representation, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or a front projector, you will be amazed at the image quality of your display!
3D also offers better image depth and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote control.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included).
Network Playback: Special network optimization that guarantees better performance in playback over the local network thanks to SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100, regardless of the type of media.
Universal RC: Seamless integration into smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much as I've been waiting for it since September.
Now nothing works.
My account appears to be locked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that use the products specified above according to the manufacturer or operating instructions.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist dealer in toner production
All listed company and brand names as well as all type designations are the property of the respective legal manufacturer and owner of the rights.
Their mention serves only to provide orientation and to indicate the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products from the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
What coupons???
I didn't get my voucher credited on the last order!
In the name of the people: Lay people help make judgments
In the courtroom, they sit on the judge's bench in everyday clothes.
But a lot depends on their verdict, even if they don't wear a robe: lay judges work with professional judges to determine whether and for how long someone will go behind bars.
Two of them report in an interview with the "public" from their time at the Bad Kreuznach district court: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the district court on John-F.-Kennedy-Strasse.
Hello, unfortunately I can't access the customer account.
Could you please send me the invoice from the order number #NUMBER# again to the email address given above?
Can we dispose of the packaging material?
We have no way of keeping them for that long.
We would use the table as offered by them as if it were ours
gladly, had already ordered the same seat in blue in nov.den and also got it. would have because they are so beautiful now one in gray
Does the cabinet have to be completely dismantled for collection and refund?
and when would be the pickup?
110 kV ground cable will be newly built in 2022
The permit for laying the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally binding.
The planning approval decision by the government of Lower Bavaria clears the way for construction, which is scheduled to begin in 2022.
This was now announced by the network operator Bayernwerk.
The underground cable, which is around seven kilometers long, will connect the Tann substation in the north of the municipality and the existing 110 kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable is connected to a mast of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning,
my order from 01/03/21 with the order number #NUMBER# has only arrived in part.
The blue order number: #PRS_ORG# with the tracking number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the note "Delivery not possible."
All three other packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me what the next process is?
Have a nice start into the week!
You can forget that, I explained that several times yesterday!!
This is a glass chest of drawers and the entire sides are burst, so there is glass everywhere and the box is broken
The dresser is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to come into the apartment because of the #PRS_ORG# regulations
This means that the chest of drawers cannot be picked up because no one is allowed into my apartment
Thanks for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it's with all books, that's why the request for #PRS_ORG#, since it's probably a general problem
Ref: Plan lessons (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I've been at the Ref since the summer, I enjoy teaching, but I'm currently still having major problems planning my geography lessons in a time-efficient manner.
Unfortunately, my school is not well equipped technically, so that in principle I can only use the blackboard, the textbook and an OHP as a medium.
At school I can also only copy b/w for free (which is annoying for geography).
I currently just need a very long time to plan my hours.
For example, we are currently working on the topic of geofactors and for me every hour actually stands for itself.
In principle, the methods are always repeated, but on the other hand I don't want to invest too much time in simple lessons (I also need that for UBs, etc.).
When planning, I actually always start from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build it up (mostly I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school doesn't have).
We have the book Terra and I'm rather dissatisfied with most of the tasks in the book.
Hence the worksheets.
Maybe a geography teacher can tell me how to work with the book in a time-efficient way.
Would be really happy.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I have actually already decided on a new one at #PRS_ORG#, but I would like to process the return as soon as possible.
The trade fears for the Christmas business because of the 2G regulation.
Most shops are only allowed to those who have been vaccinated or have recovered.
The trade considers this unnecessary and complains about a drop in sales.
He also has a possible solution ready.
From the point of view of the German Retail Association (HDE), the 2G regulations spoil the important Christmas business for retailers.
HDE CEO Stefan Genth criticized the drop in sales when dealing with items that are not needed every day.
According to a recent HDE survey of 1,100 retailers, more than 70 percent of companies viewed the rest of the year negatively.
Many would have already written off the Christmas business.
"What should actually be the positive highlight of the year is now often a bottomless hole," Genth said.
Dealers with 2G access restrictions lost almost a third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
Things are only going well in food retail and online.
The association called for consequences from the dramatic development.
Shopping with a mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the managing director.
"2G when shopping does not get us any further in the fight against the pandemic," he emphasized.
The current regulations deterred customers and required a high level of staffing.
The ribbon regulation must be approved nationwide, he demanded.
According to this, every customer only has to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would have access to all shops with the ribbon they received that day.
In addition, random checks should be sufficient in retail - as is already the case in public transport with the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested).
The real estate group Deutsche Euroshop, which specializes in shopping centers, also spoke of difficult Christmas business.
Recently, without 2G, frequencies were a good 75 percent of the pre-corona level, and sales were around 90 percent.
These figures will surely fall in the middle of the all-important Christmas business," said CEO Wilhelm Wellner of the "Wirtschaftswoche".
Due to the high personnel and administrative effort, attempts are being made for the centers to find solutions and get them approved.
This includes the so-called ribbon solution, in which "visitors, for example, provide their 2G proof at a central point in the center and then - equipped with a wristband similar to a club hotel - can enter all shops undisturbed." dpa
I recently ordered and received the #PRS_ORG#.
The mirror has a scratch and there is also an error on the frame that was attempted to be covered with a yellow filler.
That doesn't look nice.
I would like to return the mirror and have already packed it back in the package and glued it back in.
How do I proceed for the return now?
The lamp is designed for dual balance, based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
A modern microprocessor with extraordinary possibilities ensures the adjustment of the color temperature and brightness of the lamp.
In addition to adjusting the brightness, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to manually set and save the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K.
Use the current settings in flash memory.
A special feature of the controller is that it is easy and intuitive to use.
The lamp produces a very luminous flux with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The beam angle of 120 degrees, with which you can illuminate large areas with a relatively small distance, is excellent.
By the way, also in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness practically without changing the color temperature.
It's a great tool for working both on the film set and in the studio.
The optionally available DMX512 controller allows the lamp to be remotely controlled in television studios or when the lamp is installed in hard-to-reach places.
At the back of the lamp is the control panel, consisting of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
There is also the slot for the NP-F batteries (not included)
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
In order to carry out the settings for the individual settings on the memory locations, simply press and hold one of the memory buttons and you're done.
The memory controller saves the current state of the lamp when it is switched off, so that the known situation is restored when it is switched on again - very practical when working in the studio, for example when the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with a battery One of the greatest strengths of the DL3120 functionality results from the possibility of operating with inexpensive NP-F batteries.
These are often already owned by photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can use existing equipment.
Before the set, the DL3120 can also check whether the batteries have enough power - a battery tester is also built in - for each of the two battery compartments a value in the two displays (the left battery in the upper display, the right one in the lower display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply the headlight with power via the supplied power supply.
The construction of the headlight is very simple.
You have a 16mm sleeve as a connection for attachment, so you can connect directly to your photo tripod.
The inclination can be reliably adjusted using brakes on both sides.
Care was taken to ensure that the mechanical components are also of extremely high quality and are therefore designed for durability and hard use.
In addition, a tilt joint is included in the scope of delivery.
It's great that the scope of delivery also includes a bag.
So you can safely transport or store the lamp with all the accessories you may still want to buy without any problems.
Too bad I got it as a gift and it's too small: (
"Party we wanted to throw": Frankfurt celebrates after a goal-rich comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, Hesse, who had not won twice in a row, were supposedly on their way to the next Bundesliga defeat.
But then the SGE turned up the heat, shot the frustration of a mixed start to the season from the soul within a good hour and triumphed furiously with 5:2. "It's amazing what the boys did today," coach Oliver Glasner cheered at DAZN and expressed a "blank praise to everyone who was there".
At the beginning, it looked like another damper for Frankfurt, which is now in ninth place and still falls short of their expectations.
Patrik Schick had given Leverkusen a 2-0 lead.
What happened then also impressed the SGE trainer.
"How the players came back and put in a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I'm incredibly happy with the performance we showed and of course with the result.
Defender Christopher Lenz, who was back on the pitch for the first time since the fourth matchday and his muscle injury, also emphasized the morale of his teammates.
"I think our mentality is unbelievably great," said the 27-year-old and was particularly happy for the spectators with a look at the result.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
Glasner now wants to keep the focus on himself for the upcoming tasks, but also sees himself well positioned in terms of the personnel situation.
It's extraordinary that we have all the players fit in December, that all the players are in top physical condition.
It's top work in our medical department, but the players are also highly professional.
Now they want to "go further step by step and remain modest" and "perform the tasks at this level" until the turn of the year.
Next up is an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach (6:30 p.m., Sky) on Wednesday as part of the English week.
I'm just getting the mail that my package is coming back to you due to an error on my part.
I tried calling #PRS_ORG# and had it redirected, no chance.
Can it be reshipped directly to me or do I have to wait for the money to be returned and place the order again?
For me, unfortunately, that would not mean that I will not order again because it has already taken a very long time.
Have you ever sat in the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Damper for women's handball before quarterfinals against Spain
After the humiliation against Denmark, Germany's handball women sneaked off the floor with their heads hanging and their eyes blank.
At the end of the main round of the World Cup, the DHB selection suffered a bitter defeat at 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and now has to face hosts Spain in the quarterfinals.
"We were far too scared and had too much respect for our opponents," said national coach Henk Groener.
We have to play differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round group III with 8:2 points in second place behind the Danes (10:0).
It's a pity we couldn't take the flow with us.
That was a bad game from everyone that we have to put out," captain Emily Bölk said.
In the fight to reach the semi-finals, a significant increase must be made against the 2019 World Cup runners-up next Tuesday in order to keep the tender dream of the first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German thrower in the duel with three-time Olympic champion Denmark was backcourt player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
"We just weren't there - neither in attack nor in defense," conceded backcourt player Xenia Smits and demanded: "We have to look forward quickly now."
Not up to par from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not up to par with the kick-off.
Missing throws and technical errors in attack and gaps in defense were responsible for a quick 0:4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately up to speed and prevented worse things from happening with a few saves.
The DHB team scored the first goal after 9:30 minutes when Grijseels successfully completed a quick counterattack.
However, this was not the hoped-for initial ignition.
The German women could hardly stage themselves against the aggressive cover of the Danes - and if they did, they mostly failed due to the strong Althea Reinhardt in the goal of the Scandinavians.
The game had gone early at 3:10 after 20 minutes, especially since backcourt player Mia Zschocke also saw red a little later because of a hard foul on her opponent.
In the quarterfinals, however, she is allowed to participate again.
Only in the final phase of the first half did the DHB selection come into play a little better and at least five goals by the break.
The only slight hope of catching up after the change was gone after seven minutes at 9:19.
Again, the Groener protégés sinned in all areas and made it easy for the good-humoured opponent, who is one of the medal candidates in the final round.
As a result, the German team could no longer summon up an increase in performance and left the floor as the clear loser.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family traditions during the Christmas season
As part of the Reddit Advent calendar, we got hold of St. Nicholas Day and are taking this as an opportunity to dedicate ourselves to family traditions in the run-up to Christmas, Advent, St. Nicholas, Christmas Eve and the Christmas holidays.
How was that at your house back then?
As with your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is the best for the children?
The boot cleaning?
Baking cookies?
Decorate the tree?
Is there music?
Is Santa Claus coming, the Christ Child or is the gift from Grandma and Grandpa?
No matter how you do it, everyone makes an effort at and around Christmas to have it as nice as possible as a family.
Whether these are fixed traditions or even something different every year: tell us how it worked or works in your family!
please send me any transaction number.. or anything else that could help
transfer confirmation... etc
I would like to give you a voucher code
as with #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers
does that work for them?
The title says it all, I work as a vaccination doctor in mobile vaccination teams in which (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is vaccinated, especially in nursing homes.
Since these will soon be largely finished, I will then continue in some cases in vaccination centers.
I am happy to answer questions without a time limit on the organizational and human aspects and also medical questions, as long as they are not related to you personally (e.g. "I'm taking medication X, is that compatible with the vaccination..").
My area of responsibility includes providing information about the vaccination, the indication (a person is entitled to a vaccination according to the Corona Vaccination Ordinance and there are no reasons against it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, emergency care in the event of an allergic reaction (never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, e.g. medical professionals.
In vaccination teams, however, we often do not have any with us, but "only" (for God's sake no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for the vaccine preparation, who cannot (may?) carry out vaccinations, so I carry out most of the vaccinations there myself.
Difficult "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the solution
What is a "Huidlerer" please?
This dialect word, sent in by an Amberg, caused a lot of thought on the BR television program "Wir in Bayern".
But unlike many previous days, the term remained unguessed by callers in the "Host mi?" series.
No, it wasn't "a person who is nervous."
And no one "for whom everything has to go quickly."
That, people heard from the TV presenter, was completely wrong.
Whereupon the man from Amberg shared the solution and thus probably caused astonishment among many Upper Palatinate people.
"The Huidlerer," the spectators learned, "is a rag that someone uses to wipe the stove."
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, interviewed by Bavarian television as an expert for years, confirmed this.
With the note that this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, somehow derived from the more well-known dialect word "Houdern."
Which closed an educational gap - probably also for a number of people who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I haven't been able to buy books for 2 weeks.
After confirmation, the following error message always appears: oops - someting went wrong - try again later.
I have the #PRS_ORG# gel#PRS_ORG#n, restarted, connected to the PC, synchronized and repaired.
Nothing helped.
Tire choice for racing bikes - really that puncture-proof?
I woke up this morning full of energy because I wanted to train at least a little in preparation for my bike tour next week.
No sooner said than done and I set off on my racing bike, which I bought on eBay yesterday.
The first 40km were really nice too - but then something happened that lurks in every downtown area (this time: thanks Krefeld!).
Shards of glass on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tire didn't want to go along with the rest of the route.
Since I didn't have a real opportunity to get a spare jacket and spare hose due to the weekday, I had to turn around in a halfway bad mood and take the first train home.
It wasn't all that bad in terms of mood, maybe it's better if I practice changing tires again before the bike tour.
But now I have a question and I hope you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long route ahead of me over several days, I would extremely hate to get this problem more often.
Now it really wasn't that bad, because the previous owner also had the old tires (very nice old man, ripped off 120 km on the day I came to pick up the bike by 2 p.m.!) and who had already described them as suboptimal because he rode with them for many years.
But when I think about having to change tires after 80-90kms driving, I think I'm really in a bad mood:D
Now I got into conversation with an older man at the platform, who asked me why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tires; these should be unplatable.
Now, of course, the whole thing sounds very tempting.
But are they really that indestructible?
I don't feel like spending 40€/tire now, only to be disappointed.
I also ask myself: I think I have 25x622 on my racing bike at the moment.
There are also (apparently?) those on the Marathon Plus tires, but the majority are already wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you generally recommend other tires for a racing bike?
The swallow side seems to be my absolute! Lay people rather recommend the Durano DD?
Thanks in advance for the help and best regards!
Car throws against tree: driver fatally injured
The 53-year-old had collided with his car on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten for an unknown reason against a central island and then got into the oncoming lane, according to the police.
There was a head-on collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The 53-year-old's car was then thrown against a tree and the man was trapped in the car.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the accident and taken to nearby hospitals.
yes, we have deleted all books, everything has been re-authorized and new books have been loaded
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free of harmful metals.
The group of companies strives to use formulations without regulated or questionable ingredients without affecting the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging are made of recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please only recycle empty containers.
Bring the container with leftovers to the problem waste site.
Marking: All MOTIP DUPLI products correspond to the current status of the marking regulations.
The classification, classification, award is based on GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EG in the currently valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EG, Article 31 and Annex II, in the currently valid form.
With many DUPLI-COLOR spray paints, the spray lock and tamper-proof cap prevent unauthorized use.
Refer to the corresponding notes on the cap or label.
Always read and observe the cautionary texts carefully before use!
Do I get a confirmation for this by email?
I have already been assured of this 3 times by your colleagues... how reliable is your information?
When will the forwarding company contact me?
I already wrote, didn't you get my sms?
After the release of our new high-end broadband B 100- 6 OHM, it was only a matter of time before our SOLO series would have new offspring again.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offspring and is visually reminiscent of the big role models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, this construction proposal includes a suitably designed foot directly to raise the speaker to the correct listening position.
This has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adjusted in length according to the conditions at home.
In principle, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people for whom the maximum volume plays a rather subordinate role, but where an exceptionally high level of sound is to be achieved.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not able to generate such large sound pressure levels almost unfiltered.
However, that doesn't mean the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, she appears remarkably mature and extremely impressive and accurate for her size.
Tonally, the SOLO 15 was tuned with a slight increase in high tones.
This is common with widebands in order to optimize the bundling, which increases sharply at high frequencies.
Directed precisely at the listening position, the SOLO 15 convinces with a very clear and fine sound.
Turned slightly outwards, the high-frequency range can be reduced and the sound pattern can be made warmer.
Thanks to the point sound source, the location of the individual components of a piece of music in the optimal stereo triangle is razor-sharp and amazingly precise.
The reference-suspicious extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM ensure fine dynamics that are second to none.
The SOLO 15 not only complements our SOLO series, but expands it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
As with all our kits, it is advisable to think about the final appearance of the speaker at the beginning in order to plan for appropriate changes during construction.
If, for example, you want to veneer the housing, the lowering of the loudspeaker must be adjusted accordingly, since the veneer applies material again.
After all the plates have been cut to size (e.g. in the hardware store), you should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base plate at the appropriate point in order to be able to carry out the cable there later without any problems.
With the help of a router, the loudspeaker opening follows in the front, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can later be used flush.
This opening should be provided with a 45° chamfer on the back in order to make the opening surface of the speaker chassis as large as possible inside.
The four screw points of the B 100 - 6 OHM have an interruption in the chamfer, as shown in the picture "Detail chamfer".
Then you start with the actual construction of the box and place one of the two side walls on a flat surface in front of you.
The back wall, the lid, the front and the bottom are now glued onto these.
The three reinforcements should also be used and glued.
The reinforcements themselves can vary in material thickness if necessary, if you want to use ready-made strips from the hardware store, for example, instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
In the next step, the second side is attached.
This is followed by all the plates of the foot, i.e. the two sides and the front.
Using a suitable circular hole saw or a Forstner drill bit makes it easier to attach the openings of the bass reflex tube and the connection terminal on the rear wall.
Then you use a round cutter to round off all the edges of the actual box.
The top of the footplate can also be rounded off with it.
The base plate is then firmly glued to the base of the housing and additionally screwed on with long wooden screws.
This is followed by marking and pre-drilling (2.5 mm drill bit) the screwing points of the speaker chassis and the connection terminal.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuum / blow out), you start laying the cable.
The easiest way to do this is through the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the rear wall.
You slide the entire and unabridged cable piece by piece through the 8 mm hole in the foot to the terminal opening and let it protrude there for about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the housing, the cable is routed to the speaker opening and also allowed to hang out loosely there.
The crossover is then prepared and used.
The construction plan of the crossover and the corresponding connection plan can be found in the following document: Assembly instructions for the Solo 15 crossover.
If the crossover is installed and the connection terminal is screwed on, the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely closed, is sealed.
Through the 35 mm bASSREFLEX opening and with a little skill, you can let hot glue drip onto the opening and thus close it.
The seal can be checked through the opening of the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp.
Now follows the damping according to the description.
The B 100 - 6 OHM is then connected and screwed tight with the appropriate screws.
The polarity plays an important role here, so that the plus line (marked cable) has to be soldered to the plus pole of the loudspeaker (larger contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and inserted.
For damping, a mat of the damping material is cut in two and distributed loosely in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex channel should be kept free.
Can I place an order now and only have it delivered at the beginning of June?
> Hello everyone,
> finally we can announce that we are organizing the OSCAST again this year!
> For known reasons, it is unfortunately not possible for us to get more than four people into the studio, which has meant a higher planning effort and explains the short notice of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people per button, so we will follow the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We do our best to avoid delay or other problems.
But hey, it's still a pandemic - yet we will do everything we can to accompany the Oscars as entertainingly as possible.
> It will start at around 0:30.
Get your drinks cold, plan good food and get ready for a long but very interesting night.
The goods have cost less than 20 euros.
The fee is 40% of the value of the goods...
I'm #PRS_ORG# and so it's not a problem for me.
Do you only need a number or instruction about what to teach the package to be tracked by you?
I ordered #PRS_ORG# a few days ago... for 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
I think this is very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and reorder it for the better price or do I have another option?
I also find, in principle, that children should not be allowed to play a parent role for their little siblings.
However, I think it's great siblings also good to take care of the little ones.
Take a look at the bottles.
So they learn responsibility, help in the family and are involved.
As long as they can still be enough child, I see no problem.
If your K1 is busy for a short time and it is OK for him, this is good.
You can best determine if it suits your children.
It is not that he wants to develop K2 and accompany it for hours when sleeping.
In legal terms, it is likely to be questionable.
So perhaps the statement of psychology comes as well.
After all, if something should happen like a fire, burglary, earthquake, alien invasion, etc., it would actually be too much responsibility for K1, to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk you want to take is, of course, your discretion ;).
Please help me find the title of a book!
I remember a few years ago to have read a Krimi / Thriller and I can still remember almost the whole plot, but I don't want to miss the title partout here maybe someone knows here.
The story was of fear and torment.
In the beginning of history, an animal nurse commits suicide by exaggerating himself with food and going to his cats.
The case is taken by a commissary who, after a brief investigation to his therapist, runs a clinic where he treats patients.
The Commissioner has a small niece who has a fear (before fire) and lands on this therapist.
There is more self-morning and there is another protagonist - a photographer charged anonymously before any suicide will go to the place of suicide and document and put the photos on the internet.
In any case, it turns out that this therapist runs a kind of underground therapy group where the patient is planted a chip that suppresses an anxiety center in the brain and ultimately the patients face the most extreme way.
(a woman jumpt out of the window another rides with intentions to death).
This fear is described in the book as "the fight".
In the end there is a big showdown in the clinic that had to do with a fire.
This is so the rough plot I'm quite sure that the book was written in the original by a French author / author.
If this action is known to someone or even someone can tell me the title of the book I would be very happy.
Oh, I have the password for Wlan not available.
Must first contact my husband.
But that can take time.
What steps must I take after this?
Is it possible to get the price difference?
Child, 4 years, Splitter under the thumb nail.
Child, four years, has over the entire length of wood splinters under the thumb nail (outside).
Have tried to pull it with a pinch.
Very difficult to grasp.
Has not folded and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try it.
No more chance.
Tomorrow we go to the doctor.
All Bosch electrical tools, compressed air tools and measuring tools are carefully tested, tested and subject to strict control of Bosch quality assurance.
Bosch therefore provides a guarantee for Bosch electrical tools, compressed air tools and measuring tools.
The buyer’s claims for defects arising from the sales contract with the seller and statutory rights are not restricted by this guarantee.
We guarantee these tools according to the following conditions:
We provide warranty in accordance with the following regulations (No. 2 - 7) by free fixing of defects in the tool, which are proven within the warranty period based on a material or manufacturing defect.
The warranty period is 24 months, for commercial or professional use or for equivalent claims 12 months.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the first purchaser.
The date on the original purchase order is decisive.
The warranty period extends to 36 months if the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks of purchase.
This warranty extension excludes battery packs and chargers as well as accessories.
Registration can only be done on the Internet at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
The registration document, which must be printed immediately, as well as the original purchase receipt from which the date of purchase comes out.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data.
Excepted from the warranty: parts that are subject to use-related or other natural wear, as well as defects in the tool, which are due to a use-related or other natural use, anomaly environmental conditions, external operating conditions, overload or lack of maintenance or maintenance.
defects in the tool caused by use of accessories, supplements or spare parts which are not Bosch original parts.
Tools where changes or additions have been made.
Minor deviations from the intended condition which are irrelevant for the value and usability of the tool.
The remedy of the defect, which we are entitled as a guarantee, is made in the way that we repair the defective tool free of charge at our option or replace it with a flawless tool (including a replacement model).
Replaced tools or parts are transferred to our property.
When will the deadline expire?
I have a right of rescission of 1 month after the end of the contract.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
Thanks to the combination of digital decoder and sound module on a PCB, we achieve dimensions of only 30mm x 15.5mm and thus can be built into almost every loop of track widths H0 and 0.
LokSound 5 Decoders are available with all common interfaces and always come with a 11x15mm sugar cube loudspeaker next to the acoustic cable kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a true multi-protocol decoder.
It handles the data format DCC as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
The DCC format offers 14 to 128 driving levels as self-evident as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus® the decoders logs automatically to a suitable digital centre.
It controls all DCC programming modes and, thanks to RailCom®, you can read the CV values on the main slide.
For centrals that only program the CVs of 1-255 can exist auxiliary register.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speeds at 255 addresses.
Three additional Motorola® addresses enable 16 functions.
A built-in programming mode is also possible with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol permits automatic login to mfx® compatible central banks.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes the Märklin® brake lines as well as ZIMO® HLU braking commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
It is also possible to brake with DCC brake blocks or with DC voltage.
In addition, it also maintains a Selectrix® braking diode.
A ABC pendulum puller enables automatic pendulum handling between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analogue DC and AC cables.
After my voucher is no longer renewed for a complaint not received by me, I will place my order in the value of approx.
#NUMBER#€ from my shopping cart and order elsewhere, where the user-friendliness is higher and I do not have to typ the fingers to get anything!
What should I do with this number??
For Omicron: Johnson Wants to Prevent Refreshing
Always new Omicron cases care for politics and science in the UK.
For this reason, until New Year, all qualifying adults in England should receive a vaccination offer.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to advance faster than ever before in the coronavirus vaccinations in the face of rapidly rising Omicron numbers.
Every adult in England should have the opportunity to receive a Booster dose by the end of the year, provided that at least three months have passed since the second vaccination, Johnson said on Sunday evening in a recorded video message to his compatriots.
So far, the target date was at the end of January.
The UK government will provide additional support to accelerate vaccination campaigns in parts of Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
In the face of the Omicron variant, we are facing an emergency, which is why immunization must be strengthened urgently, said Johnson.
The good news is that protection levels can be increased with a third dose of vaccination.
"Let you now grow! ", said Johnson.
On Sunday, 1239 additional Omicron cases were registered in the UK, increasing the total to 3137.
Compared to the previous day, this was an increase of 65%.
will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price upon collection?
I am arguing for all of them.
I sent out an application.
Today came the invitation to a conversation by mail.
I want to reply to the email.
Unfortunately, the name is not "Peter", but a slightly more complicated name.
I have lied him and depending on where he/she has a cultural background it is either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how to write the e-mail now.
Can I help someone?
** I am a foreigner and I also want to keep no official over the feet.
Conclusion: everyone should think of pronouns.
I have a total of 5 books on it.
4 of them go.
Only one I bought today does not go.
Apparently the chair had an invisible lack of sales.
How can such a cushion damage occur after 9 months?
Only tried on #PRS_ORG#.
But this has been working for approx.
14 days not anymore.
So I always bought the last books through the website and then read them on #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# but wanted to buy 8.
However, there were no more.
Now they are available again and I want you to add 2 chairs to the order and charge me.
[CW] The feeling if I can not help.
Content warning: I'll write something detailed about domestic violence here.
I just have to write about the soul.
I (21) come into contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence for professional reasons.
A topic that really likes to me and unfortunately too often is that many victims do not help or think we could not help them.
I understand that we cannot do everything and it is not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my profession that move me more than if I can't do with such situations.
I see the blue spots, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in conversation among four eyes, with the perpetrator far out of sight and hearing, I can not reach all.
I do not know what the reason, perhaps it is fear of fear of revenge, fear of leaving the usual social environment, fearing the children out of it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, in part itself is very close to the tears, all are worth living without violence.
I want all women to know that they do not have to accept violence.
Often I wish I could help in any case... I know I can not.
It will never be easier.
Please, remember that you are worth living without violence, that is so inconspicuously important.
"Arcane" on Netflix: What is the series about "League of Legends"?
Many fantasy, many complicated names, a breathtaking recording: "Arcane", the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, is recently launched on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two seasons?
Basketball-Bundesliga: Derby-debacle of the MHP Giant of Ludwigsburg near the Merlins Crailsheim.
At least, on Youngster John Patrick, it was forsaking.
Nothing: For the second time in not even three months, the giants in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the match, Ludwigsburg’s coach John Patrick had said: "We still have some rage in the gut.
However, the game wasn't put on the table, but it increased again, given the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the Basketball League.
Still more than the naked result disappointed the way of the performance.
Representing this is a statistic that expresses the entire dilemma: The Three Quote amounted to just 13%, 4 hits (all from the young John Patrick) to say and write 31 attempts - still questions?
The answer was John Patrick: "We were simply not focused enough after the victory at Tenerife, and did not implement what we trained.
Take the ball.
Others have responded to his opponent Sebastian Glim: "A horny game for the second time against Ludwigsburg," said the happy coach.
"It feels like 10 000 people".
Only 750 visitors were allowed to attend the Hohenlohe-Arena on Saturday, but those came at their expense.
Last but not least, BBL-Topscorer T.J. Shorts, who marked 22 points and directed the game of his team.
"The best player I've ever trained," Glei still praised.
While in Patrick’s team, the performers such as Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed on the whole line.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) prevented the Giants from a total debacle and came up to eight points after having already retired 39:59.
Besides Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon also came to twelve points.
Fortunately, there is a lot of time for Hadern.
The giants already receive a maximum of 750 spectators in the Frankfurt skyline on Wednesday (19:00).
we had another mail address earlier, but I changed that.
Yes, I have already reported some months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We have been legally informed and have written them again.
Originally we had already reported about half a year ago.
Always as sniffed from the egg: Max Raabe becomes 59.
He likes to delight his audience with new interpretations of drums from the 1920s and 1930s.
Currently he is on the way with the program "Good day, good luck" - if he is allowed to happen.
Max Raabe would like to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But that won’t happen.
The planned concert was relocated in May 2022 - "to the authorities" to contain the corona virus.
Other performances planned during the Advent season also have to take place on the website of the singer who is now 59, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
Starting in January, artists will want to catch up with their appointments already in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on 12 December 1962 in the North Rhine-Westphalian Lünen, Max Raabe has already sung a lot as a adolescent.
In Berlin he studied opera singing and in 1986 he founded the Palace Orchestra together with the composers.
Since then the Bariton has established itself with its repertoire of drums and chansons in the style of the Commedian Harmonists.
He has often been awarded prizes.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) reached - just like his successful album "For women this is not a problem" (2013) - the second place of the charts.
He made it from the niche in the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, the blond hair is hard-cooked and labelled, Max Raabe is no longer to think of the current German music landscape.
With the program "Good day, dear happiness" he has been on tour since 2020.
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample piece of furniture wood in advance?
It can be added with existing furniture and so we could check if it fits colour.
It still does not I can only see the cover but not flip it over.
Germany’s Minister of the Interior, Clara Geywitz, does not create a new home.
The new German Federal Building Minister Klara Geywitz (SPD) has opposed the expropriation of large housing companies, as in a referendum in Berlin.
"With an expropriation does not create a single new apartment, it only changes the ownership structure," said Geywitz in an interview with the "day mirror" (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants the assurance that their rent will remain payable in the coming years.
A colourful mix of, for example, private landlords, cooperatives or housing companies is the best protection against monopoly formation.
In Berlin, the coalition of SPD, Greens, and Left Party wants to set up an expert commission on how to deal with the outcome of the referendum.
However, if the situation is not relaxed, Geywitz did not close talks with the FDP in the Ampel coalition on further tightening in the rental law.
The coalition agreement envisages a rental price brake by 2029, a limit on rent increases in tense housing markets, and the expansion of the rental mirror.
I will talk to the Justice Minister to do it as soon as possible.
If the rental market does not relax, "we will talk with coalition partners about further steps," said the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and after a few days I noticed that I forgot the last step in payment.
Unfortunately the product is no longer available.
Do they know when it will be present again?
Or whether it will happen again?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm).
Gift Voucher Sounds Super
Then I will delete it on my own during the new order.
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long does the shipping take?
I have already cut the finger.
This is an Absolute Truth
At least 100 dead by Toronto in Kentucky.
Many tornadoes have been pulled by the US in a devastating storm.
In Kentucky alone, more than 100 deaths could be reported.
The images from there recall a war zone.
During the night on Saturday, several tornadoes in the US have caused severe devastation, and perhaps required up to a hundred deaths.
The storms leave a 320 kilometers long snow of desolation, especially in the state of Kentucky.
After a visit to the disaster area, Governor Andy Besear said that everything was gone.
Houses, shops, government buildings - just away.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It is hard to imagine that this is possible at all.
He is alone in the state of Kentucky with up to one hundred dead, the official numbers rise every hour.
Hello, I just saw that she is sold out Vitrine #NAME#.
That is a pity.
Will it still be produced?
Or is it entirely taken out of the assortment?
Is it possible to order these Vitrines in another country?
until when do you register?
If the delivery cannot take place in my apartment, I have to cancel the order !
I understand that only can I order the blanket now and leave it to Germany that is in the shopping cart?
I had returned an article via the contact form or given a return and wondered if it was received or processed since I have not received a confirmation.
Companies pay Vaccine premiums and Change Advertising Promises
While the Federal Government continues to reject proposals for a vaccine premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative and offer their employees money premiums for the vaccine.
Thus, they are on a line with the Socialists ÖGB and Economic Chambers, which today demanded financial incentives for vaccination.
The conversion of advertising slogans to vaccination calls - according to the German model - is also intended to increase the willingness to use COVID-19 vaccines.
He is changed to a company that he has operated.
This does not make his situation better than yours.
Washing and drinking tea.
It is a year ago.
He obviously did not seize his old position and did something else.
You can.
And that he did not find you good at the time: naja no matter.
He did not find his job well.
There are too many variables.
Please accept the cancellation policy.
This will be legally relevant.
I finished a screen shot.
Good day - I am interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Is there also in size 230cm?
We run all Smeg kitchen appliances and accessories in our online shop kitchenpoint.de.
We always check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new Smeg coffee machine brings freshly ground coffee to your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matt colours, in combination with the matt brushed stainless steel front, makes the new SMEG coffee complete machines with milk foams a design object.
The reduced design makes it possible to select all the functions, such as the grinding and the amount of water, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, risetto or a mild coffee with only four buttons.
Thanks to the steam plant, you can also prepare coffee milk and milk foam specialities.
Aid at the top of the Campaign
Boron to greeting!
For a group of 4 friends I'd like to lead the Adventure Over the Greifen Pass and want to lead my heroes seamlessly into a campaign dedicated to the player.
We play DSA 5.
The big bow is made, the bad guys and their motivations, the individual acts are thought out and now I'm writing the entry-level adventure and stumble at the first Encounter on my own feet.
The premise is that the heroes should bring a fowl with grains of grenades to a small village near the Lake Thuran.
There the further action will develop.
A few miles away from the village, the hero is said to set up a group of Goblins and lure them into a halt.
I would like to give players the opportunity to solve the confrontation in different ways: conviction, action, threatening to detect the danger early on, whatever happens to the players.
Group Strength: 8 common Goblins, 2 with spears, 6 with arches and saber armor.
In the case of non-consisting, the Goblins lure the hero into a cave and flank the three left and right arrows, while two with spears stop the movement.
If it comes to battle, and the heroes are subject, I have two approaches to resolution.
1. The heroes are all deliberately and subsequently found and healed by the son of the village school, a half elf.
The carnage is gone, of course.
2. If defeat is unavoidable, that half elf is attacking with two of his servants and comes to help the hero in battle.
The caricature is still there, all super.
How do you consider Deus ex Machina of Solution 2?
Is the Encounter as an entry into the adventure too much?
The Goblin group will play a crucial role later, so it is not just cannon feed.
EDIT: wow, I had not expected so many answers, especially not with so many great suggestions and tips.
I'll be sure many of your ideas are appreciating and now I have more confidence in my narratives.
I built the lamp apart again.
And yet again.
Unfortunately, it still does not.
That's why I would like to send them back.
If you then let the backlight come then I can pack the lamp and bring it to #RS_ORG#.
Save costs and time - and relieve the environment!
If you need more than one item, please click on "Pay Now" if you have all items in your shopping cart.
This will automatically calculate the consignment and you will get everything in one package.
This will save you time and money and the environment will be happy to help you, because no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel will be used for the delivery of multiple packages.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule, we will ship your shipment until 14:00 on the same day of payment.
In order for your package to arrive as soon as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your letterbox and ring are your name.
Do you want us to send you your package to a packing station?
Then select DHL, because only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL packing stations.
We will send you an e-mail with the shipment number, if you have selected DHL or DPD as the sender.
So you can check your package from around 22:00.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be happy if you evaluate us positively and give us all five star ratings.
If it happens that not everything has expired to your full satisfaction, we would be grateful if you contact us before you make a review.
Only then we have the chance to do everything to make you happy.
We did nothing with the chair.
at once was the Rise
I Just Don’t Go
Here the lower part was damaged, i.e.
Will everything be picked up again or only the storage part?
I am nervous about Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the season the quality on the German Sky has decreased more and more so I want to make a little air with this post.
First of all, the transmission was broken in the middle of the F2 race to start the F1 reporting on time.
While the timing and timing of the schedule was far behind the planning phase, it would still have been possible to show the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the championship decision (!).
Apparently, it seems that for legal reasons, the F1 will take precedence and must limit itself to everything else, so that Sky DE would have no choice here.
Nevertheless, since Sky UK has handed the race to the end.
Still, a little praise: the commentator Olivier Parkeyes did the difficult situation around the heavy accident well.
Then there was the F1 again regularization with the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, so both did not know that they had to change the tyres under a red flag.
Although there was this situation in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both came to the conclusion that the tyres had to change the tires when there were corresponding radio responses to Hamilton.
At Sky UK and RTL both commentators knew immediately that there is this possibility for pitfalls.
I think such elementary rules should be easily known if you comment on the F1 at a pay TV station.
It is not the first riddle, which is now possible or prescribed according to rules, both simply have constant uncertainties on the subject of rules.
Generally I do not like the style of comments written by Roos, but admit that the taste is.
But there I really like Heiko water from RTL better.
To this end, constant nightmares are made, both of which simply seem unprofessional, such as ordering coffee at the (also unreasonable) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" by Ralf Schumacher.
The latter brings a lot of unrest in the comment that he apparently does not take it seriously.
Last but not least, the advertising simply takes over Sky, in the round-the-clock Sky is the only channel that goes into advertising, as you can listen to at F1TV, since only the German track has to get out without comment right after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do.
Also these two channels make in the training less advertising than Sky, and that as free TV channels.
Although you have to praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, this alone doesn't let me go beyond the drawbacks.
The rest of the Sky Sport F1 program is also very strong and full of repetitions.
All in all, Sky is the worst German TV channel broadcasting the F1.
RTL makes a better job in the four races that they can still transfer to the advertising.
In any case, the grandiose F1 season is much less fun than it would be possible with a reasonable transmitter.
I would be interested in your opinion.
Click here: #PRS_ORG# pendulum, brass and multicolor glass x 1.
Hello, I have an article that should be delivered last week and that still is not delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and had nothing to date.
The First Lady told me that it will be sent on Monday, the second lady told me yesterday that she will check and send an email and she has never answered.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on 12.12.19.
One of them has had a defect after a relatively short time (the fabric has a hole on the front part of the chair).
I ask for support.
Air pumps are excellently suited to supply an aquarium with oxygen.
It is also possible to operate a filter system via airlifters.
This series is offered in 3 variants of us.
Look at the end of the offer in the table.
There you can see the benefits in comparison.
If the pumps are strong enough, you can run entire systems with them.
If you own a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outputs can be connected to multiple outputs.
The MK series has one, two or four outputs, depending on the model fan pump but also offer to put a accent in the aquarium, e.g. with an air curtain (you can find in our shop) or with a decor that converts the air bubbles into a function.
Here would be a treasure chest, a shell, or something like that.
The MK series has a special sound-damaged design and thus provides low operating noise.
The installation is very simple.
The fan pump is connected to an outflow current or similar by means of a 4/6 mm air hose.
The fan pump should be the same or higher as the water level and should be attached to the outside.
If the fan pump is lower than the water level, you should set a back valve between.
Simply cut the air hose and put the valve in between.
This would prevent, once water would run backwards, running the water from the pool through the pump...
Should the fan pump be installed outdoors, you should be covered and protected from moisture as well as other air pumps.
MK Series pumps are pure power packages that consume little energy.
Even if we specify the processing time in ebay with 3 days, the package will be packed daily and the packages will be picked up daily.
If all goes well on the road, it goes very fast.
We just want to prevent a little, so no one is certain, just because it took a little longer.
It would be like, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in the forwarding industry... of course there is no corona.
Please do not evaluate the same bad, just because the delivery is delayed, this is exclusively for the package service.
Of course you like to chat about these services, even if we are currently saying...they have damned it hard.
This is also very regionally different.
Be no one evil, stay healthy and we all hope that there will be better times again.
How long does it take to order with and without armle?
Is it possible to order the legs in light?
Amazon founder Bezo sends Astronaut daughter and presenter into the world.
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers took a short trip to space.
On Saturday they were transported by the missile system "New Shepard" of the company Blue Origin by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
The launch and landing of the roughly ten-minute flight took place in the west of the state of Texas.
Under brilliant blue skies, Bezos personally received the freshly cured astronauts after their return.
"Welcome back," said Bezos, dressed in a blue suit when he opened the Luke to the capsule.
Under the applause of friends, family members and employees of Blue Original, the six passengers climbed up and reared the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Original, they were ten minutes and 13 seconds on the way, reaching a height of 107 kilometers.
The 74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of Alan Shepard, born in 1961 as Nasa astronauts in space, after the Blue Original missile system was named, and the 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were honorable guests of the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: space engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess, and his son Cameron.
How much they paid for their ticket did not share Blue Origin.
Laura Shepard Churchley remembered her father's mission after a short flight.
He has worked hard on his bets and had to do everything on his own.
She was just so flown, said the 74-year-old with a laugh.
Michael Strahan also expressed enthusiasm.
He would prefer to return to space again, said the moderator.
"New Shepard" flies up to 100 kilometres.
The missile system "New Shepard" is largely automated.
The capsule, separated from the missile during the flight, reached a height of around 100 kilometers above the Earth, temporarily with gravitylessness before the reusable object crashed off large parasites.
The International Aeronautics Federation and many other experts see 100 kilometers of Earth as a border to space, but there is no binding international arrangement.
It was already the third manned all-in-all trip of Blue Origin: In July, Amazon founder Bezos himself was on board, along with his brother Mark, a 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
In October, the 90-year-old Canadian actor, William Shatner, who was world famous with his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek", also the former Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, the entrepreneur Glen de Vries and the deputy head of Blue Origin, Audrey Powers.
Critics have accused Bezos and Blue Origins of advancing business with space tourism largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and regardless of the climate.
With the push of a button, you can easily choose whether your "Smart Stone" should shine permanently in a color or play through its entire colour repertoire.
When the luminance is changed, the illuminated stone keeps a light color for about a minute, before gently pasting it to the next decorative tone.
The solid design of the »Smart Stone« luminaires is well-proven throughout the year.
In a snowy environment, their light is even particularly good – only with a shorter luminaires can be expected as the days are shorter.
In winter, make sure that no snow affects the solar module in its function.
»Smart Stone« uses a NiMh battery in the popular Mignon (AA) format, which can be easily exchanged on demand.
A suitable replacement battery can be obtained from our webshop to extend the lifetime of your lid.
High-gloss effect spray, which makes smooth surfaces look similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, especially for the design of rims, wheeled blinds, lacquered plastic parts with appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR offers for the first time a weatherproof and weatherproof chrome spray.
The optimal effect is reached on black ground, for example by pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single box and in the set including Effect Primer and dustbin for optimal preparation of paints.
For use on metal, wood, glass, varnished hard plastic, stone.
Perfect that is true :) I don't need to settle for anything else?
You only need the tracking number from my e-mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or has studied biochemistry.
I'm currently studying biochemistry in the first semester and I don't bother at the lab.
I have of course already informed me before studying about career prospects, but I also thought at the time that I wanted to study until the promotion.
At the moment I am in doubt, especially depressing my career prospects.
On the one hand (Studycheck etc) you always hear super career opportunities and the profession is completely searched, on the other hand you always hear from unemployed biologists and incredibly poorly paid jobs.
So I would really care:
1) As what do you currently work?
2) Are you satisfied with your work / salary?
3) What did you study/ What training did you do?
4) Would you do all this again?
Thank you for your responses!
I'm really insecure at the moment and I think 2022 might be able to cancel my studies and make an apprenticeship to a professional computer scientist.
If you have any experience please write it :).
Extra stress on Holiday & Holiday Weekends
This topic came up with me last week.
But now I had to use my long weekend to relax.
That’s why it’s just a post.
Not only before big holidays, like Christmas holidays, there is a lot of stress in our company.
As seems there are also days before holidays plus bridge days.
This was the case: last week was the pilgrimage of the Virgin, which is called "Accord" with us in Switzerland.
On Friday, most people and businesses make a bridge day which is semi-official.
Last week there was a long 4-day weekend in the house.
So what happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
According to emails that had to go out before the race, order here order there, all *conditionally* before the long weekend.
Why?
Because "next week then" sounds so much time and that must not be?
Or because people want to do as much in a shorter week as they do in a normal week?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but also powerfully energized.
What is this self-governing about holidays?
What more do we have holidays if we don't really allow them to have them?!
The stress did not come from above, the colleagues were all self-sufficient.
My question is simple: are we just the Swiss?
Is this our Reformed-Evangelical way?
Or do you know that in the north?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia.
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian home - but has no presents yet.
"The beautiful, even if there should be no snow in Erfurt, you simply drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest," said the actress and singer Hit Radio FFH.
They will agree on the feast by baking and battling with their son.
"I love this," said Catterfeld.
But, until the timid days, she still has a lot to do: "For the first time, I haven't got any gifts, I'll have to start now.
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth process of the mouse and the recreated.
NEKTON-Bio contains all vital vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 sg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny feather.
The majority of the pest damage occurring in birds is due exclusively to nutritional errors.
Since the cone consists of protein-stained substance, a particularly rich and balanced malnutrition of the bird is required for the formation of a perfect feather dress.
For a functioning metabolism, daily food must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
Most of the animal losses occurring during the mouse are based on insufficient or unbalanced protein feed and/or insufficient supply of vitamins and minerals.
In the composition of NEKTON-Bio, the unfavourable ratio of amino acids in most plant feeds is explicitly considered and balanced.
No other vitamin supplement should be administered during the application of NEKTON-Bio.
NEKTON-Bio is water-soluble and can easily be administered via the drinking water or via the softener.
Thank you, I found it.
Still not Work
GDR handcraft model Altbau E-Lok E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the locomotive was in Silesia and Central Germany in use, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the renovation proposal of the model railroader ME Heft 11/1968, used with play tracks and missing parts, see photos, function good, the series E 95 is a heavy freight train locomotive of the German Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the extraction of heavy coal extracts in the Silesian grid, probably also comes from the small-series ZSCHUTSCHEK and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is located in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and we are working on the job.
The German Railway Company commissioned the AEG in 1924 to present proposals for an electric locomotive, which could carry 2,200 tonnes of coal trains and 530 tonnes of passenger trains with a travel speed of 45 km/h.
The maximum speed was 65 km/h.
Thus, in March 1926, the DRG determined the supply as 1’Co+Co1’ locomotive with actuator drive AEG with the delivery of the mechanical part, the Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electric part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which received the E 95 01-06 operational numbers.
All of them survived World War II and found themselves again on the territory of the future GDR.
In 1946 the locomotives were converted into the Soviet Union.
They returned to Germany until November 1952.
The design of all six locomotives has been determined in the Dessau railway station.
[4] In 1959, the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were worked on, while the other machines served as spare parts dispensers.
First, the E 04, E 44 and E 94 available in larger quantities were built.
Only when the E 94 was designed to ensure that the number of processing was not further increased, the E 95 focused on processing.
[4] Initially, the locomotives were stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren railway station.
They came to Halle P in 1960.
They were mostly used in their own circulation plan before coal trains from the Geiseltal in the direction of Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
With increasing age, the complicated control of the locomotives proved to be problematic.
As a result, protections in circuit breaked.
At the same time, the hammer and wooden wrist on this locomotive had to re-enact the protection during the journey.
Damages on the motors occurred more often and resulted in months of failures at the locomotive.
[5] Since there were enough new building locomotives in the late 1960s and a significant expansion of the electric company at that time was not planned, the Reichsbahn was able to dispense with old locomotives and most of the splittings, so that the E95 were put out of service.
In addition, they concluded that the German Reich's electric locomotives only wanted to occupy a single position, which would have caused a problem in the train due to the problems with the machines and the visibility of the driver's seat.
[5] After the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were released in the middle of 1969, they followed the E 95 01, which quits the service on 5 October 1970.
The new designation 255 001 was never used.
Until the E 95 02 all locomotives have been dismantled.
The E 95 02 was set up as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a soft heating system on the main station hall.
It took some time for the responsibilities of the Reichsbahn to be convinced that the E 95 was a museum locomotive.
In 1979 the first outer design of the locomotive began with the aim of presenting it to a vehicle show in the RAW Dessau.
[5] Since then, it has belonged to the Dresden Museum of Transportation as an unmanned museum locomotive.
In 1986 the interior design of the locomotive was completed.
In the DB Museum Halle (Saale) the locomotive museum is supervised.
Since 1995, employees of the Traditionsgemeinschaft Bw Halle P have been working on the production of locomotives.
In April 2015, the locomotive was presented for the first time to an exhibition at the Museum-Bw Arnstadt with new internal and external paintwork, with the transformers being checked and five motors are capable of operation.
-The locomotives were used by 1945 on the Silesian mountain railways and the branching secondary railways, where they proved their worth on the basis of their reliable drive and low maintenance costs.
In February 1945 the machines were relocated to Leipzig.
Initially, Silesia was the main area of use.
Handcraft model H0 in OVP, function good, there are optical replications at the locomotive in self-employed, dusted, with play tracks, basement smell !!!, very rare handcraft model, very small edition - maybe the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHINE and BACHMANN.
The packaging can contain labels and bearing traces.
Yes, the F parts are.
I have received a bed of you.
But there were problems with one part.
The middle beam is kept from two feet. Unfortunately these are too narrow and the beam cannot be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
I cannot build the bed.
The middle beam is held by two feet, which are unfortunately flawed.
The middle bar does not fit into the intended holder.
So I get new mails.
When will they be sent out?
no more flat.
These are, according to the assembly instructions the right of the form, they were only too narrow.
But that doesn’t matter.
Their main purpose is to do so.
They are not flat with me.
Could I receive them?
Hello #NAME#, should I explain the problem again?
Housing Fire With Two Squanders and High Damage
Two people were easily injured at a fire in a house in Oberbayern.
Moreover, an estimated damage to the six-digit euro area has been caused, as the police said on Sunday.
The fire had spread from a carport to the adjacent residential house in Kinsau (Landkreis Landsberg am Lech).
Two residents were hospitalized on Sunday with light smoke poisoning.
The exact cause of the fire was not known at first, but the police did not expect a deliberate fire.
The Kripo Fürstenfeldbruck took over the further investigation.
But that comes much later.
And I have to pay again shipping costs.
To remove fake news - Biontech-CEO Published Vaccine Photo
On the social networking network "LinkedIn" published a photo of his first vaccination in early 2021.
So far, Biontech’s chief of staff had not publicly endorsed his vaccination status.
Now the entrepreneur has published a photo showing his COVID-19 vaccine.
The illness of a friend has led him to share it with him.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz-based company Biontech, U'ur ®ahin, has published a photo showing how he receives a vaccine against the coronavirus.
There was misinformation in the social media that I was supposedly not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I received 3 doses of the Biontech Pfizer vaccine," he wrote on Friday in a post on the network "LinkedIn".
"After a few months, friends have urged me to post a photo of me on which I will be vaccinated to counter these false rumors.
So far he has rejected that, because communication should not revolve around him.
But a call last week changed his opinion: "I was deeply troubled when I learned that an old school friend is currently fighting for his life.
He fights against a severe COVID-19 disease and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family were not vaccinated, he continued to write.
He did not ask for reasons.
"The most common cause, however, seems to be fear, often fueled by misinformation and mistrust.
Fear can be difficult to fight with facts, sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
On the Internet, an interview with the Deutsche Welle, in which U’ur ’ahin says he is not vaccinated.
However, the video was released in December 2020, as the Deutsche Welle made it clear.
"I am not allowed by law to get the vaccine itself," he said.
In Germany, there is a prioritization of the vaccine.
The priority is now lifted for a long time – and the Biontech boss has dropped three times as appropriate.
Fire in Heat: Tens of People Without Power
In several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia, the lights went out on Friday evening: no electricity anymore and in many cases no heating.
A fire had lubricated a circumference station.
After a fire with heavy damage in a circumference station, tens of thousands of people in the Rhine-Sieg District in North Rhine-Westphalia have spent about 24 hours without electricity.
On Friday evening, the fire killed 41,000 people in several communities killed the lights.
The supplier Westnetz reported that on Saturday numerous emergency power generators had been in operation until the large-scale disruption was finally fixed in the late evening.
Firefighters and the helpers of the THW provided support in the municipalities.
The authorities offered shelter in schools and called for neighborhood assistance.
The caretaker thanked the persons concerned for their patience and the helpers for their use.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought considerable restrictions.
We would like to thank the affected communities, the circle, the firefighters and the THW for the tireless use," said the head of the Primary Technology Division, Florian Witt, in a message on Saturday evening.
The repair of the damage will take several days to repair, as the Westnet assemblies could use some lines only temporary, he explained.
A technical defect led to the fire following company indications.
The Flows of Power
The fire broke out on Friday at around 7.15 p.m., according to the data from Westnet, was severely damaged in the circulation station Neunkirchen-Seelscheid parts of the 10,000-volt circuit.
It requires extensive cleaning and repair work.
In parallel, a connection to a 30,000 Volt voltage level was created.
With the help of this bypass the power supply is restored.
Since Saturday 18 o’clock, more than 21,000 people in Much and Ruppiertoth would have had electricity again.
Another 20,000 inhabitants of Neunkirchen-Seescheid have been moved to a step by step from 9:30 p.m.
Since 23:15, even the most recently affected would have electricity.
More than 80 assemblies from Westnet and partner companies have been in operation.
After building an emergency power supply for important buildings on Saturday afternoon, the authorities had also called for neighborhood aid.
"It is important now that citizens in their neighborhood take care of the elderly or the elderly and communicate to the local fire-fighting equipment houses when needed," said Landrat Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
The main focus was on setting up and operating emergency generators.
Moreover, state-of-the-art facilities were temporarily set up in schools for those who could not provide themselves or who need electricity-dependent medical equipment or need medical care.
Good day!
Unfortunately the ceiling is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy and pay in Euros?
This is the daily blanket #RS_ORG# in blue green.
I hope you also have a nice day and please stay healthy - ”.
I can't install it on the table below.
This is Custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions of this.
We wanted those with table plates diameter of #NUMBER#.
we got 155cm diameter.
Today my #PRS_ORG# arrived, but I can't push it up and thus shorten it.
Can you help me?
Otherwise I would have to send them back because it is not suitable for the purpose.
I would appreciate feedback.
yes this is really easier!
Then we do it!
send me the return code by mail?
the repair is now completed.
I had tried this before the chat.
Before buying, I didn't restart the E-PRS_ORG#.
Should I do so now?
I find such low credits almost ashamed.
We disagree.
Combining Northern Combined Riber Wins
The German Northern Combiner Fabian Riegele and Julian Schmid are on the podium at the World Cup in the Estonian Otepää.
The duo had to be beaten once again to the outstanding Norweger Jarl Magnus Riber, who had already started with a big lead after the ski jump in the loop.
Returns the order number #NUMBER#.
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes, we have made both s and use the version 4.5.
could be that they have heard of trouble many times.
I have bought it directly with my #PRS_ORG#, a book it seems to be.
Once I want to open it comes the message, ups!
This document could not be opened.
file may be error in the customer service.
As far as I can see it is a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can they help me?
Chat Connection is gone and now?
I also have to work!
To clean the application evenly and clean, you should clean the components with some soap water of dust, fat and fingerprints, rinse and dry them with clear water.
Before you apply the brush the first time with a new color on the model, it is recommended to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the no longer visible inside of the components or on a yogurt cup.
The First Line on the Part
Drag the brush evenly next to the stroke.
Easy overlap of the color layers creates an even surface later.
Avoid quick and easy wipes with the brush.
This creates unrealistic areas.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the bright colors.
The dark may otherwise appear.
Metal tones and metallic colours come to a conclusion with a separate brush.
Otherwise, metal slitting may occur when they mix with normal colors.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before you build them.
Originally maintained, the models reach through the decals or drawers.
From high-class aircraft, to ship names, to toll strips and car models, the Decals give the model the final glider.
Insert the Decals in the correct order as long as the parts are still well reachable.
An airplane cockpit can be easily glued to the fuselage.
Even more important than the right tool, such as scissors, pills and dentures, are the sticking time, patience and a quiet hand.
Cut each required Decal individually and put it to you.
Decals are also referred to as water slides, because you'll moisten your back with water until the paper becomes dark through the noses.
Then move the image to a small piece of paper and place the piece on the appropriate spot on the model (which you have pre-selected before).
While you hold the Decal on the model with a tool, you drag the paper sideways.
Attention: Always check if the image is correctly placed before moving it completely from the paper to prevent it from sticking, cracking or even cracking.
Excessive water with a household towel.
Not suitable for children under 3 years old.
I can only open a book in a short time as soon as I am looking for something else then I don't have to read the book and register and reload the book and find the place until I read it.
I have already communicated with you on Saturday.
Will I receive this email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp arrived in 3 individual packages with me.
Thank you very much!
then I will buy somewhere else as soon as the money is back.
Do I get back without problems?
Children's treatment at PKV / What is a "insurance case"?
Hi,
we were some time in child-welfare, now when it comes to reckoning with the PKV, it suddenly turns.
The string after:
We had requested the children's training in advance at the PKV and received the announcement of 3 attempts.
The tests were not restricted in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to successful pregnancy and birth and was calculated with the PKV.
Some time later, we tried to get a second child, and conducted 2 (successfully) attempts, but they did not count on the PKV.
We again requested the takeover of the PKV and received 3 further tests.
After some other attempts (we have done more than promised, logically calculate the most expensive with the PKV) we filed the bills at the PKV and got the bad surprise: instead of 5 trials (2+3) the PKV wants to reimburse only 3 attempts.
The reason: with the pregnancy/birth the remaining 2 attempts miss the first promise.
The second wish for children is a new insurance case.
However, according to the GTC, "The insurance case begins with healing treatment, it ends when there is no need for treatment."
The questions to experts in the round here:
* Who is right here, the PKV (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or we (there are 5 attempts to reimburse)?
* Would the PKV have to remind us that with a birth the remaining attempts expire?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance case?
The infertility is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts would make your opinion here.
Thank you very much for your help!
Can you send me the three variants by email and tell me how I best to reach them again?
In order.
We will not order anything from them.
If they add the sales of me and my friend #NAME# (same address), they obviously lost good customer.
They are welcome to pass on this to their managers.
This is not competitive.
Yesterday the colleague said to me that the repayment was made and now tell me that I have to send back the thing.
I don't know, I can't say that the command will be completely destroyed.
Please see in the screenshot what the colleague wrote.
It is clear and clear that the repayment has been made and I still do not receive a refund by #PRS_ORG#.
You can arrange to your manager that they have lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered various furniture for our apartment via his account.
We will no longer do that.
No, the defect occurred only after a few months.
An office chair must have a normal use.
Otherwise they may not sell him as an office chair.
Regardless of this, the warranty period is 24 months.
No, it is not possible to buy another kind of packaging.
I will reduce the cabinet and provide it to the transport company.
Good day, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG#.
These products are advertised with additional hockers, but unfortunately we cannot find them.
Can they help?
Theme of the Week: The Best Low Budget Movies
What a low budget movie is, for that there is no general definition with exact budget limits.
Wikipedia has the following to say:
>A **low-budget film** or **low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
On the net you can find plenty of lists of low budget movies, such as on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know interesting representatives of this category?
What do you think of it?
And what do you like at all?
I am a very good customer of you, have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
Would like to ask the best price for the grey leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is it now also reliable?
Thank you.
A Consequences
If there is no telephone number, a chat where you have to wait 30min, there is no chat!
Unfortunately nothing changes at the waiting position...I'll give up soon because it doesn't work here.
Hi
"Halber Victory" Against Belarus, with high costs for the EU.
The EU can declare a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime, according to the political expert Raphael Bossong.
The costs were very high and meant massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees to Belarus' border with Poland and Lithuania, said Bossong the evangelical press service (epd).
Sustainablely, the EU did not resolve the confrontation, declaring the researchers of the Berlin Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik (SWP).
This virtuous state - Belarus is not very small, but the EU feels itself a winner - goes on for a while.
The handling of people on the border is not in line with the European Convention on Human Rights, Bossong said.
Apparently there is an "increasing normalization of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
As the EU as a whole does not turn decisively against it, it is at the expense of fundamental rights.
This is also weakening union cohesion.
"It does not seem to prevail when a member state puts itself in its head," as currently Poland, which not even the EU border protection agency Frontex, allows access to the border.
Moreover, the EU pays another price for its policy on the border with Belarus, according to Bossong: a principle agreement on asylum policy is made more difficult, as the line "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Rethinking the Front Line
In the meantime, according to Poland’s border protection, migrants have tried again to get to the Polish territory via Belarus.
55 migrants were arrested on Sunday night and returned to the border, said a spokesperson of the agency on Sunday.
In the incident near the place of Czermsza, the Polish officials were thrown away by the migrants with stones.
According to the data, a soldier was taken in the face and had to be provided medically by a military physician.
Altogether registered the border protection 52 tried border crossings within 24 hours.
On Friday evening, a group of 28 migrants had overcome the border lockdowns.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan have crossed or tried the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU blames Alexander Lukashenko as the leader of Minsk to have attracted them with the prospect of entering the EU.
Poland and Lithuania, according to press reports, closed sections of the border.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees to the country.
EU commissioners also traveled to countries of origin to prevent their departure.
The most effective element of the EU response is the pressure on airlines, said Bossong.
"Therefore, the EU has thrown its market power into the quagmire and demonstrated its determination to operate with hard gangs and extraterritorial sanctions."
Minsk also needs to consider domestic costs.
The Belarusian society is probably not the case that the security apparatus regularly closes thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes Protests after the controversial Formula One Final
In the opinion of Mercedes, Max Vertape is said to have committed two breaches during the race.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula One finals of Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has taken the lead.
The silver arrows suggest two rounds of the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest relates to a alleged violation of Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the last safety car phase when he is to have overtaken regularly.
A second objection was filed against the score at the end of the race.
According to the Mercedes opinion, the protocol was not compliant on a regular basis.
At the last lap of the season, Lewis Hamilton was overtaken by the Mercedes and was in his first Formula 1 title.
The maneuver took place shortly after the end of a safety car phase in which the Dutch had overtaken cars before him.
I test it.
I speak with the bank and I am again with you.
Thank you for the support.
Free entry for members: Europe-Park hosts SC-Freiburg-Fantag.
The Europa-Park, the name of the Europa-Park Stadium of the Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited to the SC Freiburg Fantag.
As the park has announced, members and permanent holders of the Sport Club from the Breisgau as well as members of the fan community were allowed to visit the Europa-Park free of charge this day.
In addition there were vouchers for drinks and sausages.
The rollercoaster trains illuminated this day by the tricots red and white.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red-and-white balloons provided the perfect setting," said the park.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the cooperation between the federal league and the leisure park located in Rust, 40 kilometres north of Freiburg.
The first SC Freiburg fan day in the Europa-Park showed how good the partnership fits.
Rising fans to see who have shared fun in the rollercoaster, confirm this," said Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
Why is the €#NUMBER# and not like original 1699€ ?
Stages in the career of the new World Cup Steps
The Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new World Champion of Formula 1.
Max Vertape managed it.
The Dutch gets his first World Championship title in his seventh year in Formula One.
His way to the top of the premier class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: After a crash in Sarno the Kart World Championship.
Father Jos Verst stalks him on the return journey to stand up at a gas station.
His mother, Sophie Kumpen, collects the teenager in his car.
In 2014, England: Red Bull’s junior team gets promising young talent in staging.
The 16-year-old is entering the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
He then continues in the European Formula 3.
2015, Australia: Starting at the age of 17 and 166 days as the youngest pilot of history in a Grand Prix.
Due to a defect, he must cancel his Toro Rosso in Melbourne.
In 2015, Malaysia: The former Toro Rosso pilot has been the youngest racer in Formula 1 for 17 years and 180 days.
Sepang has seventh place in the Grand Prix of Malaysia.
In 2016, Spain: In his first race for Red Bull, scrapped.
With 18 years and 228 days he will be sensationally the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history.
In 2019, Hungary: There is no shortage of pole premieres in Budapest.
At the age of 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his teammate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit is reached.
With 24 years in the Formula One finals in Abu Dhabi, Verstappen celebrates his first World Championship title with an overtaking manoeuvre against Hamilton in the final round.
I already had a huge trouble with you when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# command.
Judith Hermann Lass from her novel "Dheim"
During the reading series "LiteraTour Nord" author Judith Hermann on Friday in the sold-out Blue Note from her current novel "Daheim" and also acted as a presenter.
She is divorced, lives in a house on the coast and listens sensitively to the nightly sounds at her front door.
Yesterday I left the contact form to return an article, but did not receive an email confirmation or similar.
My question would be whether my request has been received.
It has not always the time for your blocked chat and incorrectly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake you fix and not all from our household.
Contact Mrs #NAME#.
I can not chat every day with them.
We had chatt yesterday and agreed that I or woman #NAME# will receive an email with a 60 Euro voucher, a new order of the #PRS_ORG# night table and a return ticket.
This e-mail has not arrived.
The package still wants to get #PRS_ORG#.
Please contact me.
A Consequences
The LokSound 5 decoder can play up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bit / 31250 kHz and finally offers hi-fi quality on your system.
It is virtually no difference to the original available.
A Class-D audio end stage with up to 3W output power controls the loudspeakers that may have between 4 ohms and 32 ohm impedance.
The huge 128 Mbit sound storage provides sufficient capacity.
All single sounds can be individually adjusted to the volume.
The superflexible sound engine without a rigid schedule allows the simulation of all conceivable rail vehicles.
Three separately adjustable brake functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry, but only because he says he is not an antisemit that does not mean anything.
This is as if an afdler says he has nothing against foreigners.
Both will not give it their i.
But Colemanah constantly reproduces any anti-Semitic messages.
If you want to dissociate yourself then you should just leave it completely.
Yes, then, you're as serious as colleague.
Whoever is serious about evolution in question is simply completely lost.
My way of thinking has brought a god all the way.
But as soon as you are creative, you have to believe that the earth is 10,000 years old and science is just nonsense.
And with this you are an enemy of science and not to take more seriousness like colleagueah.
In order to get an optimal visual field, the magnification should be approached as close as possible to the eye.
The specially designed aplanet-acromatic lens system allows you to use the magnifier virtually without any distortion and without color.
Often magnifications are marked with magnification information.
However, this information is only valid for precisely defined conditions, which rarely correspond to the terms of use.
In order to make optimal use of your magnification, we ask you to follow the instructions in the table "Technical data" (see instructions for use in the packaging).
Light reflections are created on the lens surfaces of all optical devices - including insulating lamps.
An anti-reflective coating significantly reduces these reflections.
When observing the optimal conditions of use - magnification close to the eye - mirrors on the lens surfaces are less perceptible.
Further information can be found in the following manual (in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Lupe Checkcard Lupe magnifying pockets reader reading help.
The Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be used everywhere thanks to its handy format.
And their hardness makes them sturdy at times.
Each magnifying glass has a check-box for storage and safe transport.
They offer these parts, which you can see in the pictures or under "At what you offer" is described.
In what condition is the offered article?
Everybody can, of course, overlook something, because no person is free of mistakes - it should be the case, just write a message and it will be clarified for full satisfaction (either through exchange, partial repayment or complete repayment).
You will receive an invoice.
If not specifically requested by the buyer, the shipment will be insured with shipment number by DHL!
Please refer to the shipping conditions above.
There are no further handling costs.
ok all say uthorized, how can I check more accurately?
yes both the email address.
#PRS_ORG# I'm going to do very nice and good service, although lasted until you came to a person, you were super.
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# Team,
I have already reported to you under the customer contact number #PHONENUMBER#.
Yes, but it was said before.
You cannot deliver to England because of #RS_ORG#.
Candy sale in Schönwolde: In the municipality of Krembz women are looking for the Christmas trees.
Farmer Frank Diers has already experienced some curious situation when selling a tune.
Once a man should be back home even without his partner, because both could not agree.
Each year, it planted well 2,000 pieces.
The 56-year-old has already experienced some curious situation.
That makes the pre-Christmas time always funny, he says.
And that with the voucher??
Otherwise I'm away as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and now paid the full price.
Then I will evaluate it accordingly!
We need no discussion of the better court, but there is some similarity between the two.
Both are made of meat that is grilled on a spinning dish.
Both have their names.
In German, an equivalent would be something like the "danger", which by far does not seem so tasty.
Problems with Glassfibre + Deflo DLan/Magic
We have a new fiberglass connection for a few weeks now.
Unfortunately I now have problems building a stable Wifi network.
Before, I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and I used Delo DLan, which had received and sent 50 Mbit/s up to a few failures.
The new fiber optic connector sends 500 Mbits to the FritzBox 7590 and the DLan module connected to the FritzBox.
However, the other DLan module, which sends the Wifi, no longer the full 500, but the more I continue to remove myself in the house with the module, the less coming (that is, using a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc.
This means that the Internet with the new fiberglass connection is now even slower on the first floor than it was before (e.g.
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which seems to use a new technology.
This was slightly better than the DLan, but there were similarly large losses.
Could anyone explain to me why with fiberglass as much internet speed on the power line "lost"?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely costly to store LAN cables in the house.
I'm really despairing why I created an account here.
That's why I'd be glad about an answer.
When is it time to change the account?
If you had thought that now would be quiet at the Giro accounts for the first time.
While many banks have used the autumn to confirm the increases in fees in the past with tricks of their customers, negative interest rates continue to fall.
Deutsche Bank, for example, has long been relatively generous with a 100,000 euro limit.
Now it has halved the free money and even quartered for day money.
In a first step, the limit was lowered only to customers of the Group-Sparte Postbank - to €50,000 in Giro and Investment accounts and €25,000 for day money accounts.
Meanwhile, these lower fees apply for the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesman confirmed on request.
Not only for new contracts, but also for "newly agreed individual agreements with existing customers".
The Commerzbank had been down to a limit of 50,000 euros, which is still true, as was the case with ING Germany.
The direct bank DKB, which is currently popular with cost-conscious customers, has reduced the funds to two stages, initially to €50,000, and now to €25,000.
After all, more than 100 banks have, according to the Internet portal Verivox, a free amount of 25,000 euros or less.
The Sparda-Bank Berlin has also arrived at €25,000, but there is still a legal dispute with the consumer centres, which, first and foremost, have even gotten right in front of the Berlin Regional Court.
Now the banks are already discussing whether the institutions should be resetting – in the event that even the upper instances, negative interest rates must be declared inadmissible, and many millions of bank customers have to be repaid.
The table has been supplied for 8 people instead of those for 6 people.
The lower floor is the one for 6 persons.
Jennifer Aniston employs a whole Beauty Army
It now officially stands at the top of Hollywood.
But their life is like a mountain and valley ride.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was elected the most influential woman of the year by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter".
For them, which made 2021 with the "Friends" reunification and the continuation of their series "The Morning Show" Furore, this success is primarily the result of much discipline and work.
A whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers takes care of their appearance.
After all, Aniston, she likes to get a chip on the day (yes, properly read: a INCLUDE chip from the bag).
The fact that you fly the hearts of the female and male fans alike is actually a miracle.
Perhaps because she simply has bad luck - and still is looking for the great love.
And the baby wish was removed from the list.
Before, she was constantly asked when she became a mother.
It hurted.
The people who asked this have no idea what happened to me personally, medically, why I can not.
It was really offensive.
Stays to hope that also make success and glory happy.
Reviving Raikkonen’s End of Care
Kimi Räikkönen’s departure from Formula 1 was even quieter than intended.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn drew the gloves and washed the sweat from the forehead.
That was.
After a car crash and a slight ligament, Raikkonen had to cancel his Alfa Romeo at the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi after less than half of the distance.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, the "Iceman" finishes his career in the motorsport class.
His wife, Minttu, and the two children had travelled to the United Arab Emirates.
Raikkonen’s biggest success was the winning of the 2007 World Championship in Ferrari.
He made 21 Grand Prix victories, started 18 times from the Pole and came 103 times to the podium.
Friedrich gets 60th World Cup Winner - Nolte wins in the bikini - Sport.
The brand of the Norwegian biathlon Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the aim of the bob pilot.
"I have thought that this time, I would have to enter nine and a half wins per season, then I could create it until Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic winner of the BSC Oberbärburg, who had two successes in two days at the Winterberg race.
It was only on Saturday that he rejected the attack by Johannes Lochner by five hundredths, in which he drove from rank three to one.
Then he changed something to the material setting and ran a bigger lead on Sunday with 0.30 seconds.
Together with his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbalenburg) and Alexander Schlüller (SV Halle) he took over the British Brad Hall.
The third was the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
"We have taken greater risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also entered his 22nd victory in series.
Johannes Lochner, who is running for Stuttgart, took place two times earlier on rank five.
Christoph Hafer of the BC Bad Feilnbach finished fourth in the first race.
"If I knew what he is doing differently, then I would do so," said Holner.
Noble with Home Victory for Jamaica
On her home run, Laura Nolte won the third season victory in the double booby.
After the fourth place on the previous day in the Monobob, she ralted the World Cup victory on Sunday with the German three-time winner Deborah Levi.
Two Bob-Olympia winner Mariama Jamanka of the BRC Thuringia came second with Germany’s fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
In addition to their Olympic qualification, she booked the first podium in this winter.
The Wiesbadener Kim Kalicki landed with Leonie Fiebig on place three.
For me it was supercool, first podest place at the World Cup, I am superhappy that Mariama takes me.
I am superfroh with the development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the starting times today were okay," said Burghardt and said: "It's not only a push, but there is also a lot to do.
Jamanka resented a little about the non-free rides, but said, "It's going in the right direction".
I had the blanket in the shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I haven't received it, so I can't get it.
By corona I had different problems last year and never had time for it.
And now he was said to have gone out of the way.
Look into the chat it was about the Asare seat.
I want to give it back and then order again, since it is just reduced :).
Why does shipping start on 16.3.?
There was nothing of such a long delivery time on your site.
No, when I type it, there is an extra field with the message.
Was taken yesterday from your colleague.
Why is this a Problem Today
I also sent you pictures of the wrong delivered.
But we want the shelf module anyway, a new unharmed one.
And not to cancel the whole order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
hello love girls and girls and women.
I have something I just want to write and maybe it's one - or others like it...
I'm 24, have kPTBS, full-time student and dogma - except that my dog is not screaming or in the kindergarten he is actually 1 to 1 my child.
My friend (since 6J) is sick, has got a burn 2 degrees fetched on Monday and is depressive for years (but is now in therapy).
Yesterday I visited him because I also have emotional needs and because I want to see him and feel, we have boiled a lot and it was beautiful.
I helped him when showering (because hand is in the band wg combustion).
He is chilled at the top and we see less (1-2x week) what makes me very much with my needs for affection and love.
My dog’s child has just cooked for him, I’ve cooked for him, and now he’s lying in his cuff’s blanket and has a bit of relaxed after having a heat lamp and smiling for him.
I live alone with my sister and mother, and that is straight for a month.
Now we have to share our housework.
But even cooking is a lot of work for me...
My PTBS disease is quite well set, I'm well therapies and I'm right.
Not good, but I'm right and I'm almost symptom free.
My university just requires a lot of time (for me), tomorrow at 15h I have a written test for which I have not yet done and will take anatomy hour for which I should at least prepare something.
And next week I have an oral examination on Tuesday, and what comes in my calendar and not in my head because there is no place anymore.
So my week goes like this: Only until tomorrow, then is weekend.
But after that the whole thing goes on?
Only until the birthday.
Only until the start of the holiday.
Only until the weekend.
Just before...
And so it continues forever.
I think I'm just so stressed that I need these mental points, because otherwise I pack the ned.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic", but differently I do not.
Are they?
Honestly, I am infinitely grateful that I do not have to work.
Really infinitely thankful, I can't even write in words.
Do not know if I would otherwise have survived my kpts.
I think this also has some things to do with Mental Load of Women, so I thought I'd find passionate women here...
I wish you a relaxing evening, the week is almost done!
I have received my order today unfortunately is the whole other color plus surface is scratched and table leg has printing.
During the first delivery was the color as on the website.
We are very disappointed!
What can you offer me?
If we now exchange the table I get another color or how?
The cancellation email was sent on 26.12.#NUMBER#.
For the rest, two times.
But it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I found at the time in school that many religious teachers do not believe in God and there is only one other subject for them, like Mathe or Erdkunde.
For me this was always something strange, maybe also because I was born Christian and I always believed that way.
What do you think of it?
You may also be able to tell from work or college colleagues with different attitudes.
Basically I understand the difference between private and professional and it is sensible to separate.
Is there also called curriculum etc.
But it is simply strange to have a physics teacher who does not believe in the theory of relativity.
What does one want to teach religion if one does not believe it?
Culture is true or so?
Hope you question is not too private.
Can not change it or do not write English that I understand well.
That’s a long time, I’d look away.
Is good, thank you.
I expect to receive a response at the latest at the beginning of the next week.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Searching Aid Please
Hello dear people,
I am looking for a movie from my childhood (about 24).
I think it was a movie for teenagers.
In the film there are two time axis (or parallel worlds).
For one, the Modern (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the kingdom of the dead) (not quite certain).
Since I can't describe it in the real world there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead a young soldier (Uniform similar to that of the soldiers of the Caribbean curse).
For some reason, the paths cross and there is an action.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman into this kingdom to live myself I mean.
The transition is also I believe the tomb of the soldier.
In the end, both soldiers are fighting against each other.
If this is something I am grateful for any response.
Our little one sleeps from week 1 to only on the stomach.
Fast forward: Still live :D
Relax.
Such a child thinks much more than one thinks.
Make sure that everything is right around the corner, no cuddly animals, sometimes slip and look, but no minute monitoring.
That makes you mad!
Clean air in the room.
The room was clean and comfortable.
No cushion.
Ahso and ours had no sleeping bag, but always a blanket.
Watch your child when it sleeps.
Does it turn the head to the side?
Can it be something from the belly?
Or is it in front of the face directly in the mattress?
You can decide whether everything is fine.
We have all become great and when my husband came to the world, it was about time and there were the kids to sleep on the belly.
In addition, we are already a regular customer and have already bought a lot of articles.
But why do you offer me only 20 EUR?
Hello, yesterday I wrote with a colleague of you and so far no feedback.
It is about my wardrobe that arrived yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer does not fit into the wardrobe.
Please contact me as soon as possible.
The wardrobe is not currently used.
To be clear about it.
RBTV has promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself, not everything can be kept.
And I had a lot of fun with RBTV.
It is simply that the politics of this transmitter is now under all sue.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then at the same time to go on a big bed tour.
It was said that one is an "independent" Internet transmitter.
Quote Arno: You don't want to be a running lid.
What is now?
A 0815 advertising station that tries to bring his BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we still have Marah's Do's & Don'ts.
Of course for everyone except Simon and Etienne.
They must, of course, continue to offend the people.
A crocodile who lacks empathy and at the expense of the action with the exploded rented rooms trying to make ashes.
How to find it all?
Great if you like it, I find it terrible.
I ask for a wake-up call because my delivered wooden table was broken.
Corrupt by damaged delivery of #RS_ORG#.
Whether as a scaffolder or simply a squeegee – My small warmth friend is versatile.
Cherryker pillows are a traditional home-made solution for beneficial heat applications, because cherry cores can absorb and restore warmth.
The removable inner pillow can be easily warmed up in the microwave or in the oven.
The soft look makes the application particularly pleasant so that the little ones feel at home, even if they aren't doing so well.
The cherry core pillow with reference is only suitable for the following fields of application:
Before warming the pillow, check for untypical odours, floor or fire stains and immediately dispose of it when it is present.
Please take the inner cushion to warm up beforehand!
Warm up in the microwave at a maximum of 300 watts for 2 minutes (according to the microwave manufacturer!).
Directly after heating the heat is spread evenly in the pillow!
Then put the inner pillow to the fore.
During the first warming, a slight moisture formation can occur on the surface, which disappears in repeated applications.
Keep in mind that there are no signs of warming, because longer times or higher energy can lead to damage (deflammation and combustion risk!).
Before heating the pillow in the microwave, check that heating of grain products is permitted in the manufacturer's instruction manual.
After the heated inner pillow has been placed back in relation, please check the temperature of the pillow on suitability for babies (max.
Do not use the pillow in acute and chronic, inflammatory or feverary diseases, circulatory problems, fresh hematomas, blood sugars and open wounds, as well as in people with reduced pain sensations.
For existing skin, heart, vein, diabetes, tumour and pregnancy, please contact a physician before applying.
If the seams have opened and loose nucle nudes, you will get the product and the loose cores immediately and inaccessible for children.
If the product is used for babies under the age of 1 year, the temperature of the child should be regularly controlled to prevent overheating!
Any serious incidents arising in connection with the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country in which the user is resident.
The cover is detachable and washable at 30 °C in the machine.
Please pay attention to the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt nach Hin Series II - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf.
Darmstadt 98 is allowed to dream of the return to the football Bundesliga.
Meanwhile Hannover 96 is working from the table basement.
For Ingolstadt it also doesn't run under the third trainer.
Jubel in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top match, delight in Hanover via interimstrainer Christoph Dabrowski and Frust in Ingolstadt after the failed state under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Yesterday evening my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was not loaded by my power supply anymore.
This I bought 5 months ago, should still work.
I thought the power supply alone is also sufficient for operation.
Missing display, the battery is empty and the laptop doesn't start up despite the plug-in power supply.
I then expanded the battery, but there is nothing here.
Do you have ideas?
A new battery is ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in network mode?
Is there anything else broken?
Thank you for your help!
I want to deliver the #RS_ORG# to the room.
How can I book it?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
But do not know how high the seat is....
Often on tour and still much equipment?
With the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design no problem!
20 litres versions also swallow larger photo equipment without problems, which can be safely contaminated using the cushioned FlexFold-parts.
And what else you need in everyday life, thanks to practical access in an individually configurable interior, remains well-organized and separated from the photo equipment.
With the “Update” of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2) the series is still in a new look.
The sleek, minimalist design has it literally in itself - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some of the most innovative solutions that reliably protect the backpack's interior while providing instant access to photo equipment.
This works with two possibilities: once conventionally through the cover flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch closure system, an excellently thought-out solution for effective protection, which has already proven itself with the Messenger Bags.
In this case, there is a metal shutter with appropriate anchor bars on the front of the backpack.
In contrast to most of the backpacks, Peak Design has covered several “fills”: there are 4 anchor beams, stable, in which the hook can be hooked.
If the backpack is fully loaded, just take the top bar, it is rather empty, a deeper one.
Folding closures and hooks are also magnetic.
This way, the backpack can be reliably closed without shaking the hook.
The second option also distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other backpacks.
This eliminates the biggest disadvantage of traditional backpacks with access from above - you don't have to go through the content anymore!
At the same time, this clever detail greatly enhances the daily use of the backpack: If you take not only your photo equipment, but also everyday items or luggage.
In the Everyday Backpack you can configure the interior individually (more details below) and so you can easily trust each other separately - and you can access them independently by the two side openings.
You can also drag the rucksack from the right hand side to the body, for example to access the camera equipment in the right-hand compartment, while everyday things remain in the left-hand rucksack and do not come between.
Easy, uncomplicated adjustable straps help.
And because the outer shell of the backpack is made entirely of 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents will remain dry even if it is to go to Scotland in autumn.
Unfortunately I waited for the email from their support.
#NAME# gave me an email confirming the order.
Contact from the forwarding company to pick up the wrongly delivered table announced.
Until now I have not received any news.
I ask for immediate settlement.
I am already writing with the third support staff, no one came further than the promise that I received a mail as confirmation.
It is the return of the wrong delivered custom #NAME#.
It is worth noting that the wardrobe could be delivered again?
To keep him so is no option for me...
It works.
Thank you for helping me.
Would you like a nice evening?
hello, my orderer is #NUMBER#, when is the article delivered?
Order and payment was on 12.1.2.
I was delivered a completely different lamp than I ordered.
Please call me.
If you extend the voucher, I will place a larger order, but at the same time I have retained the damaged piece of furniture and will not be returned.
And that the last year was different from what I thought I was not able to look at and haven't solved it in a timely manner.
But I have the damage as a customer and I do not accept that.
Rotinger brake discs are designed to meet the dynamic driver's requirements, which appreciates reliability and safety when braking even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are made of casting and then mechanically processed ( drilled and cut).
All curved discs are manufactured in short series according to individual technical characteristics, which are suitable for specific discs and patterns.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing a special manufacturing program is created, which is based on the balancing of the disc according to the properties of the original assembly.
The twisted discs made in this way ensure high comfort and braking efficiency.
Additionally created openings increase the effectiveness of cooling of the disc, improving the cleaning of the brake disks and brake blocks.
The aesthetic properties of our tuned discs underscore the character of each car with an attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man on the southern slope of the American River discovered luminous rocks in the water.
Although he tried to keep his discovery secret, the novelty spread rapidly and triggered the so-called “California Gold Rush” from ‘49.
Thousands of people came from near and far and made Coloma one of the fastest growing and flourishing cities of the country.
Areas were laid off, tents stopped, and saloons and hotels emerged almost overnight.
Everyone wanted his share of the country’s wealth.
For many it was called “Coloma or Bust” (Coloma or Bankrott)!
In this game you are a pioneer who seeks wealth in the West and wants to make a name.
You will search for gold, recruit workers, drive horses together and build businesses.
You will also have the opportunity to explore the surrounding rivers and adjacent areas.
You are not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You have to surpass your pioneer colleagues to not go with the rest of them pleat.
Coloma is a fast strategy game with many ways to win.
You choose simultanely your actions, have to deal with your resources and build a tableau that works more and more for you (so-called “Engine Building”).
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, to gain additional actions or to apply rules to your favor.
With these buildings and dynamic bridge plates, you can create your individual game style with the help of fine adjustments.
Coloma plays over a period of three years of 1848 (the year in which the gold was discovered in Coloma), over 1849 (the year of California Gold Rush) until 1850 (the year in which California acquired the official state).
One year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players will be able to choose a location at the same time, where they can perform actions.
After that, their selection will be revealed and they will place their pioneers in the appropriate locations.
If a site has the most pioneers, it gets a lock!
This disables one-half of the site - reducing the number of actions.
Then the players perform alternate actions, such as winning resources, moving cars, placing tents, browsing rivers, building bridges, opening businesses and positioning revolving heroes.
When all actions are completed, the pioneers return.
The prize winner turns to a new location at the beginning of each round and thus changes the available actions.
This goes so long until the price of goods has moved five times, i.e. every location is hidden once and the year ends.
There is a shooting shop in which players must defend Coloma from an assault on angry bandits.
If the players have contributed enough revolving heroes and are superior to the bandits, they will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they will receive lower rewards or end up in the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shooting, then the final score.
The player with the most points wins!
For free shipping, I take the shipping method, shipment (games followed) up to dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm.
In most cases DPD insures and carries out shipments (games followed, wrapped with tiles and packaging).
If you are a collector, I can also send cardboard at an additional charge of 2 euros, which is 100% unprinted.
"Why children are not tyrants" Doku, ARD Mediathek
CW psychic violence, sexual abuse, abuse of power.
The ARD documentation is in my Twitter timeline today, and I looked at it right away.
The children psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff likes to be a guest in talk shows and holds lectures throughout Europe.
With his book "Why our children become tyrants" (2008), he triggered a fierce education debate.
Former patients: insiders and guardians now charge heavy charges against him.
Please fit on you, the film is hard to bear.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
Our parents and other responsibilities must never, never, go to power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child room for his development and to make the framework for the child as big as possible in the situation.
Brrr, I still shaken.
Holeschek: Countries for triple vaccinated
At their next meeting, the health ministers of the countries want to decide on a nationwide path to testing for three-fold vaccinators.
"We countries need clarity quickly, whether and from when, for three times, vaccinated the test obligation," said Klaus Holeschek (CSU), Chairman of the Health Ministers' Conference, "Picture on Sunday".
The path of 2G plus for three times vaccinated is not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional vaccination incentive," said Holeschek.
German health minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised that he will make a proposal to the health ministers' conference on the next Tuesday.
So I Want to Return the Light
What is the best way to do this?
Hello, I find the #RS_ORG# chair very nice, but I can not see how high the seat is.
Can you help me?
I can't do shopping with my #PRS_ORG#.
Show: Ups, there has been an error.
Purchasing via the #PRS_ORG# page on your computer.
I updated my account data.
What can be done?
What you describe is called *Awareness*, i.e. sense perceptions under general anaesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of approximately 1 to 1000.
The most common is to listen to sounds/voices, more rarely to see images and most rarely to perceive pain.
For this topic relevant: Imperial cuts are associated with increased rates of Awareness, since it avoids very deep narcosis to protect the child until they are absent.
Previous episodes of Awareness should be mentioned in the narcotic conversation.
Certain anaesthesia procedures such as total intravenous anaesthesia (TIVA) are accompanied by a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear all, this comment of me describes Awareness correct, but had** u/Nitemarex **per definition none.
Have read their comment wrong.
But the chair is broken.
Unfortunately we don't help the 20€.
These are statutory warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be to take back the defective chair.
In addition to the legal obligation, this is also standard in eCommerce.
Please check again if you are at least taking back the defective chair.
We sell the second chair then private.
We also lose some money.
I already sent you a mail that you have not answered.
Again the question.
In the order and on the invoice the goods are delivered to a room of my choice.
The carrier is company #NAME#.
I just called there.
They told me they only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is it?
If so, I have to cancel the order because I do not know a person who can carry the heavy furniture in the first floor.
will I not call?
I asked a question.
Theater historian Günther Rühle died 97-year.
He has profiled himself as a theatre critic and as an artist.
He later wrote a monumental theater history.
On Friday, Günther Rühle died at the age of 97.
Here is the new book on the table: "An old man is older".
The chilling diarium of a slow farewell to the world, which led the theater historian and journalist Günther Rühle until April 2021.
And in the middle of reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book is: "I'm witnessing my life."
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common are European pallets, standard wooden pallets, which are mainly used as cargo carriers in Europe.
They are certified by the European palette Association EPAL.
In 2020, more than ten million pallets were produced in Austria, according to data from Statistics Austria.
The production value was Euro 79 million.
How many pallets are imported annually to Austria is not charged.
New York Wins the MLS Championship
New York City FC won the title in the Major League Soccer for the first time.
After the 1st in the regular season against hosts Portland Timbers the team from the Eastern Conference decided the final in penalty shoot-out with 4:2.
In the final of the Eastern Conference, New York had prevailed against Philadelphia Union, the team of the German Kai Wagner.
Rounding Tips & Tricks
I got here a week ago many great tips for the perfect gulag.
That was Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and tasty!
So thank you again :).
Now I came to taste and would like to cook Rouladen for the first time in New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will set up a cattle fund for this.
Do you have any tips for me?
Note: I have no stove, but only a big pot.
What Next?
What about the books and how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English is no longer so good, but I get it.
It is a refund of €#NUMBER#.
I have already been notified by mail that the refund was made.
But, until today, the money has not gone to me.
Would please check there.
Where there is Christmas brides in the Lübeck area.
For many people, Gans or Ente belongs to the Christmas days like the fir tree and the gifts.
You are not yet concerned about poultry?
Now is the time.
We'll tell you where you'll get a Christmas diary in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube end level significantly contributes to the heat and fat content of the guitar amplifier sound.
These features are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controller, you can adjust the level you want and on the other hand the distortion content of your sounds.
The VT+ series amplifiers also offer a unique POWER LEVEL controller, which can be used to reduce the sound level without changing the "gain" and the distortion.
Furthermore, the POWER LEVEL controller is already able to get even a power reserve if it doesn't sound bad.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL controller, the full potential of the VT+ series can be used in any situation.
The headphone book can also be used as a line output.
The signal shown here is processed with a box simulation, so that you get an "acoustic" sound impression even when you use a headphone or direct shot.
You can connect a CD or MP3 player to the AUX connector so that you can jam on your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also donate a VFS5 footer, you can also call the sounds comfortably by foot, turn on and off the effect blocks and "tap" the tempo of the corresponding compatible effects.
This is essential for live use.
With its new power packages, VOX is taking another step in the future!
But it was seen by others.
Is it possible to send the lamp back?
Because it is too low for a dining table?
So I would like to send them back.
Can you help me?
And the Comedy?
Will we receive an update for the exact delivery date in the next weeks?
Hello, they have been sitting on the #PRS_ORG# chairs.
If not, I would be happy with a discount or voucher.
In some circumstances I find a customer for the furniture.
Only over 1,000 Euro for the goods I do not need are there a lot.
I have just received my delivery and would like to know if screws were intended as part of the delivery.
I would like to install the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) on the designated hook.
This is not a satisfactory answer, and waiting time has not paid off.
Is there a Premium Customer Status for you?
Iran views progress on negotiating the Nuclear Deal
In negotiations on a revival of the international nuclear deal, Iran’s data show progress.
"The two sides are about to agree on the issues that should be on the agenda," said Iran’s chief negotiator, Ali Bagheri, on Sunday of the news agency Irna.
This is a "positive and important development", because at first I didn't even agree on the issues to be dealt with.
The agreement is intended to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks on reviving the agreement had continued after just a week’s interruption.
Trade negotiators from Iran, Germany, the United Kingdom, China, France, and Russia participate in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also in Vienna, but only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free state now state with the highest coronavirus incidence.
Thüringen has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest federal incidence.
As the only federal state, the value is above the 1000 mark.
As the only federal state, Thuringia is located at the Corona-Incidence on Sunday above the brand of 1000.
The Robert Koch Institute issued the Seven Day Value with 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which last but not least had the highest incidence nationwide, this figure was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia had decreased slightly, but also had above the value of 1000.
In Thuringia, 2242 new infections were reported with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 more deaths related to an infection.
200 patients with COVID-19 have been treated intensively in hospitals on Sunday.
On weekends, notice delays may occur.
Moreover, health-care agencies have been overloaded for weeks, and are barely behind when new cases are recorded.
I understand this.
As the delivery takes place only at the beginning of March, it may be possible until then.
I have to print it out and stick to the package and leave it at the post, that was or?
here I do not have to click/delivele/fill?
I want to avoid that, so I write to you.
I would like to take care of the return at my own expense.
8 euro return fee is a matter of my opinion.
It’s Time for Change
###M federal day are greeted, I'm u/StratorDE in the Plenar Hall in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#Why the post here?
If you look at the activity in the past months of the federal state, you can see one thing: it is not existential.
We came into a winter barn and extended the summer hole to a few months.
#Where is the problem?
Yes, what is it?
Most of all, this should simply be related to dissatisfaction, as some things have expired here, and how we are generally present.
In the last few days, the impression has increased that many still have a back on the federal government.
#What We Must Change
At this point, the community is asked around the German Bundestag to keep it alive.
The implication came from u/edizVEVO, who has become aware of this project in the last few days, and one, just said, has found upheaval.
After a while, several people have found themselves in the community who want to rebuild the project.
However, once again I would like to urge all to participate, only so this project can continue in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a discord server, where we can exchange ourselves and develop concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Goals:
* How should the federal government function in the future?
* Which orders must be changed / adapted / removed?
* How should we be outside in the future?
* How should new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair voting system?
I'm quite sure that I have forgotten something, but that is not bad, we have the discord at the end.
If you have time and desire, come to the Discord, work with us and let us decide democratically about the future.
I have ordered a lamp screen with you that is still delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/color and not suitable for my taste.
For this I already ordered a different suspension.
I put it together and then noticed it when I took the soft foam.
Very sad about it.
I hope this will be returned and I have a full refund.
This is also quite sad, because the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I still have a question: the daily blanket #PRS_ORG#, is there also in excess size, i.e. in 240/240 for example?
#PRS_ORG# must be able to guarantee that the faulty cabinet will be picked up promptly.
And I ask you to make that now.
I don't have a suitable packaging, but will remove the cabinet as far as possible for collection - they have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how that can work.
#PRS_ORG# may contact me at any time to arrange a pick up date.
Is there a manual for the assembly?
How long should I have time to take care of it or to opt for the return?
How do you answer the question why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague who I like.
She herself has lived for a while vegetarian, is rarely even meat at the moment.
I was a vegetarian several years ago.
When asked whether I have always wanted to be vegan, and vegetarianism had been a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without thinking.
While I thought that I would support the animal welfare as a vegetarian, I eventually reflected and understood that I ultimately support animal goods.
So my decision to be vegan.
At the moment I had the impression that came up on her side of suspicion, she then defended vegetarianism and told her to know where her meat comes and how to reduce animal suffering as vegetarians.
Now I wonder if my answer was “plump”?
How do you answer the question?
Have the feeling that you as vegans are quickly put into a corner and get up without any conflicts.
It greets a harmonizing vegan (;
Clearly, it is not an exception in accordance with Section 312d of the German Civil Code.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not remove you from the legal requirements for remote data.
I am on the assigned date where #PRS_ORG# my return will not take place.
Since I can't be on the spot because of a funeral, this can't be changed.
Can I be assigned an alternative pick up date?
From the 01.02.#NUMBER# I am back in time.
Lahnstein’s Water Rescue: €45,000 from the Country
Recently, in the Lahnsteiner Rathaus, the interior minister of the Rhineland-Palatinate, Roger Lewentz handed over a €45,000 grant for the new equipment car water rescue of the Volunteer fire brigade Lahnstein an Oberbürgermeister Peter Labonte.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in use since November 2020, amounted to 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in security.
I am pleased that the country Rhineland-Palatinate supports us here," says Labotte, Chief of the Lord Mayor.
The equipment car is used by the diver squad Lahnstein, one of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
They perform water and ice rescue tasks as well as technical assistance.
The boom of hotel shipping on Rhine and Mosel as well as the further increasing use of the cargo as a leisure flow contributes to this.
I bought a book which I could read only 10% and then the problems began.
I cannot open the book.
But I followed their recommendations but have synchronized, removed, and the app reloaded NOTS has worked.
I'm a bit frustrated because the whole action has cost me a lot of time and hope for help now.
Okay, then.
I would like to order 3 articles from the collection from #RS_ORG# to June.
Can I enter an appointment during the ordering process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the previously named values in the Fenix laboratory are determined at 21°C’3°C, 50%-80% air humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values may differ depending on the used flashlight, age and environment.
*: The lubrication period in Level Hell contains the duration of the burn with reduced brightness due to the overheating protection.
2) Dealers are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the vendors or distributors where they have purchased Fenix lamps for warranty support with the 'Garantie Card' of Fenixlight Limited and either a trading bill or a receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts required for the maintenance of our lights.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix replaces a new product within 15 days of the purchase due to possible manufacturing errors, if problems occur during normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
When the model is set, customers receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers a free repair for lamps within 5 years from the date of purchase, if a problem occurs in normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
With the exception of the products and accessories listed above, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product guarantee.
3) Limited lifelong warranty: For gluing that exceeds the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifelong repairs but charge for parts.
The dealer informs the customer the cost of the part before the repair.
4) Certificate of warranty: Customers request customer service from Fenix dealers or retailers by submitting a completed Fenix warranty card, a purchase invoice or a receipt.
The distributor should offer customer services and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover damages or failures caused by:
Any defects or damage caused by improper use shall include, without limitation, the service that does not correspond to the warranty or indication of the product specification.
For example, the product specification describes that the sealed head must not be dismantled, as this can damage the flashlight and make the warranty invalid.
Any defects or damage resulting from other behaviours may not be properly controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type / model of the warranty object, serial number.
Thank you for making the whole thing here, I have also spent almost a decade in the state service in a similar activity, we were also talking about weapons carriers in the executive, I do not want to go on!
I always find the question of right and left very simplistic.
But, in principle, it should be said that, of course, the public servants are more likely to come from the liberal and conservative spectrum, not from the revolutionary left, that should be clear to everyone.
That of course, even in the special uniform and weapons refer people to the right of the right should also be clear to everyone that these people can naturally cope with the lived reality is also very difficult to handle, of course, because of course you have, of course, in addition to the average white, now many Germans with migration background, women and also homosexuals (and so I don't mean that I don't mean the exaggerated feminine clichés, because this in the executive there aren't so much, but ordinary men and women who can't remember it if they're not told them) and also these people, and I must also leave me, because in doubt, in doubt, save you save your life or set up this for yourself.
But these fringe groups, too, even if it sounds strange to my experience of a conservative stance, are proud of Germany, and feel less fetched by excessive left-wing policies, even if these policies are supposed to work for them or are supposed to do it right, they simply want to be treated normally.
Back to the right, of course, because police and armed forces are also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme rights there, but they can openly tell their opinion there, or even openly forge any state-imposed plans are medial exaggerated and annoying me.
Of course, even police and soldiers who were often abroad were often able to pause because of negative experiences, and sometimes things say that are controversial to politically incorrect.
It is also possible that even right-wing connoisseurs may meet, who have a lively exchange of ideas.
However, my opinion is well addressed and it is also countered by political education and enlightenment!
Germany is so very international and I think that we could not afford to have the right racists and Nazis in our ranks!
Yes, what I do not understand, the other basket I also ordered on the German page.
Why should England do so?
When I ordered was not sold out.
I have already ordered in November.
it was confirmed in your confirmation of the order.
It is still about my order, which is no longer available.
I used to chat with #NAME#.
Alternatively, you could deliver the other #PRS_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# Euro in black to Germany or it is available somewhere in Germany.
I always find you as a partner.
but above on the edge of the wooden part are two deep pits filled with some yellow.
and the mirror itself is a small scratch.
Ordinary by Child?
Hello, me (w32) busy one thing already longer.
I'm very disciplined and organized on the job, (myself, very little spare time), but I'm getting it worse than right down my budget permanently clean and tidy.
There are always phases in which everything remains, and then and when it packs me and I clean up.
But it isn’t really that “someone could spontaneously visit.”
My husband is ( unfortunately) not better, it bothers me somewhere but usually the household simply loses to work and loss.
The kitchen is cleaned regularly as we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to become more properly with a child?
We don't have anything but work on it, and this question has been for a long time.
Because for me I have no incentive, it just doesn't bother me as long as there is no visit and i.e. there is always fresh clothes and the kitchen is usable.
Do children have a greater incentive or do they stay sloppy?
Look forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, new, high quality and anatomically pre-shaped cut, offers a maximum of comfort, a perfect fit, allowing for almost unlimited freedom of movement.
Precision with special, further embossing on the joints for improved freedom of movement (on arms and knees).
Focea Comfort 4 has more than doubled the area covered by the Flex System to enhance comfort.
Seamless stretch panels on the joints reduce friction (axis, arm and knee joints).
High-quality mouldings in the lower back and in the step ensure a tight, perfect seat.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the edging area increases the flexibility of the back zip fastener and thus improves the comfort, especially when baking and installing and installing the equipment on the surface.
The Free Flex zone around the shoulders and on the back guarantees greater flexibility in the movements of the arms and the back.
Fireskin is a thermal, water-repellent material with a special surface structure that offers a high degree of refrigeration protection.
Positioned on the breast, it brings heat into a sensitive area of the body.
Seamless, thin (-2 mm) sealing on the face at the hood increases the comfort, sealing and durability (separable head hood).
Soft, in-carrying zone improves the sealing with a fine adjustable wide adjustment by a flexible, gentle velcro that does not adhere to the casing or the seams.
Double cuffs with zip fasteners on arm and foot joints combine a foldable inner cuff with a soft, cassed neopren outer slate.
45° Concrementation at the end of the inner cuff for increased elasticity and elasticity when pulling.
Long zip fastener on the neck with an elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomic cut with increased comfort at the overall without hood.
Long G-Lock P back zip fastener (overall without hood) with metal sliders and built-in Water Dam system for improved sealing (Beuchat Patent).
Twilights on the Poor
Neopren reinforcements at all ends of zip fasteners to prevent tear if excessive force is applied.
Neopren Panels Standing with Outer and Inner Overlap
Flaws of the Fences for Greater Blastability
Fisting of inner cuffs for increased flexibility.
The original Beauchat system was designed to fix the computer at its place, especially at deeper dives (the system is compatible with all common bracelet computers).
Career in social work - as someone with a self-insurance personality disorder?
I've made a training in software development and I've been learning software development for about a year now.
Unfortunately, I always remember that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been thinking about starting again and studying social work for a long time.
The problem: I have a self-insurance (or anxious) personality disorder (ÄVPS).
This means that I have no sense of self-esteem and that I am accordingly shy.
I don't have a problem talking to people at the same level, but it's hard for me to make loose conversations and I've been told more often that I'm working inconvenient (which I've already got better).
Can I become a social worker?
I don't want to work as a streetworker or an open youth meeting, but rather in, for example, the search consultancy or family support.
But I don't know if the daily work is really as I imagine it and it's hard to find something on the internet.
The EVPS already leads to problems in my job (for me, emotionally) because it pulls me down every time there is something to complain about in my code ("it is already the easiest things to do again") and it's hard to ask more experienced colleagues for help. "I'd really know how to do that"/"I'll keep it with my stupid questions from work"/"I'll have to keep me true for inferior" etc.).
The problems I will probably have in every profession but I wanted to mention it in the place.
The sofa did you get back?
Because there was no confirmation.
I Wait for a Meeting
What do you mean by returning !
If I downloaded a book on #PRS_ORG#, the message will be #PRS_ORG# authorized this book.
are there problems?
I was in chat with #PRS_ORG# who asked me if I received a delivery confirmation for my cabinet.
The protein (protein) obtained with the feed isolating the bird in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual proteins (amino acids) and in turn builds up its own proteins, which it also needs to be fertilized.
The formation of the nestling and the re-education of the nesting birds are very complex procedures and for the overall organism of the animal with a particularly high strain.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio may not be administered during breeding, otherwise it may occur to malfunctions in the breeding process.
Following this curable dose of NEKTON-Bio, it should be transferred to the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral hydrogen preparation).
The protein (protein) obtained with the feed isolating the bird in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual proteins (amino acids) and in turn builds up its own proteins, which it also needs to be fertilized.
The formation of the nestling and the re-education of the nesting birds are very complex procedures and for the overall organism of the animal with a particularly high strain.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio may not be administered during breeding, otherwise it may occur to malfunctions in the breeding process.
Following this curable dose of NEKTON-Bio, it should be transferred to the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral hydrogen preparation).
1 g NEKTON bio on 250 ml water or 100 g soft food.
It is recommended to prepare only as much water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change water/food daily.
A painted measuring spoon (included) equals 1 g NEKTON-Bio.
The double or triple dose of NEKTON bio can be given at the beginning of the year until the re-education approach becomes visible.
After that, the normal dose will be taken until the recovery is fully completed.
Storage: NEKTON bio should be stored dry without sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Please excuse them, but the chair is sold as office chair.
How can an office chair be broken after 9 months?
The warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
This is really very bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to tell that my order has been damaged and pictures attached.
Have you received this e-mail?
Responding to the Articles of Association in return to the Articles of Association.
Hi r/Legaladvice German,
I have the following problem.
There is a walnut tree on our property.
So request to be made to the community.
An employee writes to me that the case of fruit trees and therefore also the walnut is not part of the statute.
In the statute, the Waluss is explicitly stated as a protective tree.
Can I now rely on the employee's statement or not?
On the one hand I have to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statute is clear.
Thank you for your responses
We understand this.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I did not receive a message.
Well, then I still have a soft without use.
Could you offer me a discount or a voucher?
What, then, were more expensive?
Yes, I think only the question is yes, whether I can pay in euros and send me the blanket to Germany.
Can you examine this?
The Own Message
A heavy traffic accident occurred on St 2179 between the connecting station Selb-Nord and Pössberg.
As the press arm of the police has announced today (14:03), a car has arrived in the traffic during the overtaking.
There are casualties.
Ah okay understand.
Well, thank you again that it went so easy!
Ratings and Ideas for Competitive Work
For the first time, Merry Christmas to you!
My Christmas is moderately good, because my head is just breaking everything you can think of.
Before I pick up here now .. in short: I need advice and the best of people who know my situation - i.e.
I’m just doing the reform as a crossover.
Originally I've studied something else and worked there in an area (to stay at least a little anonymous, I don't call this more precise).
The whole thing was too boring and I looked for alternatives that could make me more fun.
At some time I am at the apprenticeship office and was sure that it is - even if the framework conditions are much more inflexible than in my previous profession, but that doesn't matter to me.
I have arrived at the third "I google other vacancies".
And it is only half a year around.
At the times before I have always decided to go further and at least to finish the reform, after that I can still change.
But I’m absolutely finished.
I had so little free time last month, which I am completely exhausted.
Now are holidays, but there is still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the reform I always thought I would be stress-resistant, but there was my weekend and my holiday evening my holiday.
I was free.
And the stress on work was no matter in the moments.
Now myself is the family celebration too much stress.
And then there are these rigid structures that also annoying me.
Basically it makes it fun and from the outside, the Ref also runs well what the feedback and so on.
But I am completely insulated and wonder how much stress my body stops before being completely dense - if it does not.
I wonder if I would like to have the rest of the work life - just when I read some posts from you - or if I shouldn't go back to the old area where I was valued, I was able to take me free time when I needed them, and the work was somehow boring, but was paid appropriately and together in a team what worked and not as single fighters as this is the most time of the case.
But then I wonder if I'm not back in a year at the same place as now and unhappy.
You notice, it's all somehow weird, but maybe you as an outside council or ideas, as I came out of this situation, which I am completely finished and almost at the smallest thought to cry out.
I'm not going to make decisions so emotionally, which probably leads to nothing good.
But maybe your views help me to see at least a little light at the end of the tunnel - or enjoy Christmas - that is enough for me for the first time.
Thanks for reading and apologize for the soft undertone of me.
I hope my situation has at least become a little clear.
Since its introduction in 2001, the Valvetronix series of VOX has been constantly evolving, which has led to the combination of advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly replicates the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X amps, we are introducing a brand-new modeling engine that is absolutely up to date in terms of sound.
Thanks to the VET (Virtual Element Technology) technology, which is based on the analysis of components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers wait for authenticity, which is absolutely impressive.
These amps, of course, contain the multi-stage Valvetronix pre-amplifiers.
This is partly based on real analog circuits, because they simply get the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier better than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuit, the VTX amplifiers offer a closed casing and a bass reflex system, from which the natural resonances only rinse.
With VOX's "Tone Room" software, you can even correct and correct historical facts on the virtual level until the amp and the effects sound like you have always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been refined several times to meet new sound requirements, which has led to a further boost in the VOX Valvetronix series in 2010 – with more dynamics and numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two loudspeakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series has been designed in such a way that all guitarists will find here a maximum of sound variety.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: they expect a smooth sound, a nuanced reproduction of game dynamics and strings, and a prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that, above all, the final stage determines the tube character of a amplifier and developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology based on this findings.
The Valve Reactor circuit, equipped with a 12AX7 tube, makes the behavior, the subtle nuances and the sound character of a tube amplifier perfect.
NBA: Despite 20 points from Wagner: Magic lose at Clippers.
The defeat of Orlando Magic in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but not enough for victory against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points by Franz Wagner and seven counters of his older brother Moritz, Magic lost on Saturday 104:106 at the Los Angeles Clippers.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually adjustable and foldable velcros, it is designed to meet the requirements of your photo equipment and is therefore suitable for any type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes up to full-format SLR cameras.
What fits in the backpack depends of course on the size of the camera and the lenses.
One possible component would be a DSLR camera with a fixed lens, two to three removable lenses and a flash.
Larger DSLR cameras such as the Sony-A7 series models or Fuji X-T2 let room for more lenses.
You can also find a lot of accessories.
And who has a small DSLR (MFT-camera from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E-Series) can use the backpack for his equipment and for other things.
The Everyday Backpack 20L is also an ideal choice, because the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavi Pro including remote control and accessories.
La Palma’s Volcanic Extinction
In the last three months since the outbreak began, the lava flows on the Canary Islands have caused great damage.
Is an end in sight?
With a duration of 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma has been the longest in the history of the Spanish Canary Islands since Sunday.
So far, the eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585 was considered to be the longest on the Atlantic coast of Africa.
There are no reliable data available about previous outbreaks.
The activity of the still-named volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has decreased somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists continued to dare to predict when it might end.
The indicators point to a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," said the president of the island council, Mariano Hernández Zapata, the state television channel RTVE.
The Loss of Million
In the last three months since the start of the eruption, the more than 1000 degree hot lava has destroyed almost 2900 homes and other buildings, as RTVE reported.
Nearly 1200 hectares were covered by a meter thick lava layer.
This corresponds to nearly 1700 football pitches.
More than 7000 inhabitants had to be evacuated, the damage was estimated at more than 900 million euros.
On the coast there were two new lands with a total size of about 50 hectares.
The island was heavily affected by the immensely important banana cultivation, about half of which lives directly or indirectly, or indirectly, before the volcanic eruption in the crisis.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, further areas were severely affected, wrote the newspaper "El País".
Christmas and the Gifts
Christmas is in front of the door, and especially the children will hardly be able to expect the heavenly feast.
The many colourful gifts under the Christmas tree, combined with the spiritual atmosphere and thrilling excitement, have something to be tempting.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still hold our increasingly divided society together.
It is all the more important to be aware of the Christmas tradition of the gift, so that the gesture of the gift, which, according to the French sociologist and ethnologists Marcel Mauss, has been a peaceful "social contract of natural people" that escapes rigid routine and can be filled with life in the context of this tradition.
How Nicholas Wasted
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants through which the Christmas days were closely linked to the present.
Prior to this, gifts were handed over to one or the other on Nikolaustag.
The background of this still popular site is that Saint Nicholas as Bishop of Myra three women in a night secretly thrown gold in her window to save them another life in sin.
From this unconventional kind of gift, the custom popular in Germany was to fill the boots above all the children with gifts.
Protestants came to this custom because they reject mediators between God and man as "secret worship".
For these reasons, they hold against the institution.
Martin Luther made the Christkind from the Nicholas and established a new line of tradition.
The focus of the gift thus shifted to the Christmas Eve.
As most Protestants do not see such detailed questions so closely, it is only the least that the custom of St. Nicholas, similar to Martin’s use with Martinssingen and Martinsumzug, is still an integral part of the pre-Christmas period.
Today, you will find everything you need in boots and under the Christmas tree from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Diversity of Traditions in Christian Countries
Sources prove a tradition of giving since the 13th century on the day of Saint Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of giving was shifted to Christmas Eve.
In all of the Christian countries, however, there is a joyous teddy bear on the question of who is giving gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the region, whether the Christmas Child appears in the Holy Week, or the Christmas man who is, in principle, a kind of Nicholas, who has been assigned some properties over time.
This includes, for example, his white colour of noise, which has little in common with the rather strict assyrian representation of the historical figure, his sled drawn by reindeer and the preference of the fireplace to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas at Christmas is the central figure.
In Spain, the saints of Three Kings give gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana, which has given them the way to the child of Jesus.
In Scandinavia, at times, fables bring gifts, while in Russia it brought frost to some glory.
Here it is not rentier, but three horses that pull his sleigh as troika.
In the Czech Republic, the motherland of the Reformation in the course of the Hussite Wars, the Child is responsible for the handover of gifts.
Since 3 weeks, trying to download a new book this error, my account data and contact details are up to date:
Please help me fixing bugs because I'm using it.
otherwise buy another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
I visited last week and today morning for a return shipping ticket for my order #NUMBER#.
I was told that one is sent to me.
As I haven't received anything (not in the SPAM folder), I wanted to ask how long this takes.
Thank you very much.
Police Meaning Presumed Bankers Near the Royal Palace
Near the Kensington Palace in London an armed man was shot by the police on Saturday.
The police told that callers had reported a man who had gone to a bank with a gun and the business of a bookmaker.
The man fled to the authorities in a vehicle that could be stopped little later by officials.
Shoes were fallen and the man had been hit.
He was still explained in the deed for dead.
The police did not run out of a terrorist background.
Several embassies are located in the area around the Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and the three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
which?
No matter where I click, I will be redirected to your page.
The decorative light fits harmoniously into every bed, garden area or garden.
The luminaire is simply placed and can be anchored in the ground with 2 earth spikes.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar module for optimal charge of the built-in battery.
Lighting time max. 10 hrs.
- The robust plastic version can be used in the outdoors all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, there are mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies that flourish in color.
Smart Stone, on the other hand, is a “smart stone”: the sun alone makes the solar light fascinating – either in white or colored light (in six different shades of colour).
The no-nonsense, amorphous design is deliberately chosen: as a natural formed large gravel, this modern light object is presented by day.
Its organic roundings fit into any natural environment – on the edge of the terrace, in the lawn or in the stone beet.
He is also well-known in the vicinity of larger pebbles and finders, where he knows how to assert himself thanks to his greatness.
Large screenings can be saved: as a solar light »Smart Stone« requires no infeed or batteries.
Set the "Lightstone" to any place of the day of the sun.
Two supplied ground pistons ensure firm hold if necessary.
The matt white plastic cover itself is robust and weatherproof.
Its solar module hides “Smart Stone” discreetly inside its interior, together with its battery and two LEDs – one for white, the other for colored light.
The battery is already charged when sunlight falls on the housing.
In the event of sudden dusk, »Smart Stone« starts to illuminate yourself; in what colour you determine yourself: six attractive light colours are at your choice – in addition to natural light – for your choice.
Also switching off is done automatically as soon as the battery charge level has fallen to a given minimum or it becomes lighter.
As soon as the sun is shining again, the charging cycle begins the next day.
I've done this several times it doesn't work.
Sorry, I would have liked to order from you, but if the voucher is not counted, I will not order in principle.
If you think otherwise, please let me know.
Otherwise, that was the last contact today.
Please send me the number for the sideboard.
There is no construction market in the lockdown....
The engine control of the LokSound 5 has again been improved.
A variable adjustable PWM clock frequency from 10kHz to 50kHz ensures a super-easy operation in the case of bell corner motors.
The load control can now be adapted to difficult situations with up to 10 CVs.
The unique “Autotune” function allows the decoder to automatically adjust to the engine.
The LokSound 5 decoder delivers up to 1.5A engine power enough juice for older engines.
- please use the Ebay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are summarized correctly.
- You will receive a mail with the tracking package number.
- You will receive an invoice from the retailer for each new product purchase.
- we usually process your order or request within 24 hours on working days.
The Pillars Problem
Hello dear female,
I hope I do everything right, after one year reddit actually my first post.
To my problem: I started to take the pill again about five years ago, mainly because I had so unbelievably bad pain during the period and screaming PMS before the period.
Now I would like to leave this out again, because I have to take enough medication because of chronic diseases, which I can not choose.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain, but my skin.
During my last two-year break from 0 to 100 explosive pistols I got them everywhere.
As far as this is superficial, but I was very impressed and I didn't feel comfortable.
In the two years pause the whole has never really normalized.
Maybe there are some tips to avoid this time.
My cosmetics are free of perfumes, but maybe there's something I can recommend.
Unfortunately, female nurses did not take me so seriously and the doctor arrives.
Thanks to everyone for reading the novel!
Yes the loving skin is so ne thing.
Had pre-popular bad neurodermitis, then a time rest, then large-area nodules and the acne theme.
Diet I have also tried everything possible in the course of chronic illness and have remained on a meal of sugar, milk and poor meat, because otherwise nothing has worked so well.
It can also be good that Hormonell is simply the worm inside, but if you like me, you don't want to go looking for anything else.
I already had all of her colleague semina o. a.
and now I lost the conversation and do not know what was answered on my request.
I always have to work on the phone and suddenly everything was gone...
what to check if the money was there, I had seen it?
Please check my bank details, maybe there was wrong.
but there is it in general in large.
because it is available in black.
Zappiti 4K HDR series – the best movie experience ever!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for best image quality, excellent performance and the best possible user-friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to provide convenient and intuitive access to your entire film library in breathtaking 4K High Definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti Player are successfully used around the world to improve the movie experience, both in home and in commercial environments.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the latest 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video formats, complete BD/UHD menus, HVC video codec with a billion colors (10-bit color encoding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and has a broad, solid housing, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best home cinema experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers outstanding image quality – far better than previous generations – with improved dynamics, precise color rendering, enhanced contrast, solid deinterlacing and improved up to 4K resolution.
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or a front projector you will be impressed by the image quality of your display!
3D also offers a better image depth and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote.
In this case, use an attached computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included).
Network playback: SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) for Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100 guarantees better performance of playback over the local network, regardless of the type of media.
Universal RC: seamless integration in Smart Home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much since I waited since September.
Now nothing is going on.
My account is apparently locked and the language is English.
Also compatible with all printers that use the above products according to the manufacturer or operating manual.
More than 10 years of experience as a trader in clay production.
All listed company and brand names as well as all other types are the property of the respective legal producers and rights holders.
Their attribution is merely for guidance as well as for identification of the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
What vouchers???
I did not receive my voucher on the last order!
In the name of the people: Laien falls into judgments.
In the courtroom they sit in everyday clothes on the Richterbank.
But much depends on their judgment, even if they do not wear a robe: swear with professional judges determine whether and how long someone goes behind the grid.
Two of them report in conversation with the "Oeffen" from their time at the Bad Kreuznach Landgericht: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 judges at the regional court at John F. Kennedy-Straße.
Hello, unfortunately I do not enter the customer account.
Could you send me the invoice from the order number #NUMBER# again to the above address?
The material of the packaging can we dispose of?
We have no options to keep them for so long.
We would use the table as offered by them as if it were ours.
The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful.
Do the wardrobe have to be completely dismantled for collection and refund?
and when would the deforestation be?
The 110-kV Earth Cable is built in 2022.
The permission for the new high-voltage cable from Tann is valid.
The Federal Government's resolution of the plan frees the way for the construction that will begin in 2022.
This is now part of the network operator Bayernwerk.
The approximately seven kilometres long earth cable will connect the Tann converter in the north of the municipality and the existing 110 kilovolts line between Simbach and parish churches.
The cable is connected to a master of the release line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good Tomorrow,
my order from 03.01.21 with the order number #NUMBER# has only arrived in parts of us.
The blue order number: #PRS_ORG# with #NUMBER# has been returned by #PRS_ORG# with the name "Additional not possible".
All three other packages have arrived so that delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me how to do this?
A nice start to the week!
You can forget that I told yesterday several times!!
This is a combination of glass and the entire sides are placed, so there is glass everywhere and the carton is broken.
The commode is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to come to the apartment because of the #PRS_ORG# regulations.
This means that the comma cannot be picked up, because no one is allowed to slip into my apartment.
Thanks for the News
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR.
No, it's for all books, so the query is #PRS_ORG# because it's a general problem.
Re: Lessons plan (EK).
Hello dear colleagues,
Since summer I am in the Ref that makes me fun, but I still have big problems to plan my teachings in the field of earth science.
Unfortunately my school isn't technically equipped at all, so in principle I can only use the board, the school book and an OHP as a medium.
In addition, in the school, I can only copy s/w for free (which is annoying for edifices).
I just need a very long time to plan my hours.
We do, for example, the topic of geospatial factors.
In principle, the methods always repeat, but on the other hand I don't want to spend too much time on simple lessons (which I need for UBs etc.).
I always go out of the learning goal (which I want to achieve) and then think about how to build it (mostly I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school does not have).
We have the book Terra and with most of the work in the book I am rather unhappy.
So the worksheets.
Maybe I can have a pedigree like you can work with the book at a time.
Would be really happy.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I've already decided for a new one at #PRS_ORG# but I'd like to take the retour as soon as possible.
Trading fears Christmas business because of the 2G regulation.
In most shops, only those who are vaccinated are allowed to eat or eat.
Trade is holding that for unnecessary and claims sales incursions.
He also has a possible solution.
The 2G regulations derive from the view of the German Chamber of Commerce (HDE) from the retail trade the important Christmas business.
In the case of transactions with non-daily items, sales drops should be complaining, HDE CEO Stefan Genth criticized.
According to a recent survey by HDE under 1100 dealers, more than 70% of companies looked negatively to the remaining days of the year.
Many had already written the Christmas business.
"What should be the positive culmination of the year is now often a hole without ground," said Genth.
Traders with 2G access restrictions therefore lost just about one-third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
It works well only in food retail and online business.
The association called for consequences from the dramatic development.
Purchasing with mask, distance, and hygiene concept is a safe affair, said the chief executive.
"2G in purchasing does not bring us further in the fight against the pandemic," he said.
The current rules discouraged customers and required high human resources.
The band rules have to be approved nationwide, he demanded.
After that, each customer must be controlled only once on 2G (victims or genes) and would have access to all shops with the received tapes on that day.
Moreover, in the retail sector - as in public transport in the 3G rule (injected, genetic or tested) - sample controls should be sufficient.
Deutsche Euroshop, which specializes in shopping malls, also spoke of a difficult Christmas business.
The frequencies were at least 75% of the prior-Corona level, with no 2G.
These figures will now fall safely in the midst of the so important Christmas business," said CEO Wilhelm Wellner of the "Economics Week".
Due to the high level of personnel and administrative effort, the Centers are trying to find solutions and to get approved.
This includes the so-called ribbon solution, where, for example, the visitors at a central location in the center once again provide their 2G proof and then - equipped with a bracelet similar to a club hotel - can enter all shops undisturbed.
I recently ordered and received the #PRS_ORG#.
The mirror has a scratch and on the frame is also an error that was tried with a yellow filler to be cascading.
That looks uneasy.
I would like to give the mirror back and have already put it back into the package and glued it.
How do I proceed for the retour now?
The lamp is designed for dual- balance, based on new flat SMD LEDs with high performance and high color reproduction.
A modern microprocessor with extraordinary possibilities ensures the colour temperature and brightness of the lamp.
Besides adjusting the brightness, there are two standard colour temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to manually adjust and store the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K.
Use the current settings in Flash memory.
A special feature of the controller, it is easy and intuitive to use.
The luminaire produces a very light current with soft light of high quality, completely free of flames.
The 120-degree exposure angle with which you can illuminate large areas at relatively small distance is excellent.
Also in reporter situations in small rooms or short intervals.
You can adjust the brightness virtually without changing the color temperature.
It is a great tool to work on both film set and studio.
The optional DMX512 controller allows remote control of the lamp in TV studios or when the lamp is mounted in difficult accessible locations.
At the back of the lamp is the control panel, consisting of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
Furthermore there is the slot for the NP-F batteries (not included).
Memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To perform the settings of the individual settings on the memory cards, you simply press one of the memory keys for a longer period of time.
The memory controller saves the current state of the lamp while it is switched off, so that the familiar situation is restored when the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with battery, one of the greatest strengths of DL3120 functionality is the possibility of operating with low-cost NP-F batteries.
These are often owned by photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can rely on existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check before set whether the batteries have sufficient power - it is a battery tester equal to each of the two battery compartments - a value in the two display displays (the left battery upper display, the right on the bottom display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply power to the headlights via the included power supply.
Building the headlight is very simple.
You have a 16mm sleeve for mounting, so you can get directly to your photo motif.
The inclination can be adjusted reliably on both sides by means of attachments.
It has been taken care that the mechanical components are extremely high-quality and are therefore also designed for durability and hard work.
In addition, a wrist is included in the package.
This bag is also included in the package.
This way you can transport or store the light with all the accessories you might want to buy without any problems.
I have paid for the damage and it is too small :().
"Party, which we wanted to shoot": Frankfurt is celebrating after a long comeback against Leverkusen.
What a spectacular response from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the last two wins in the series were supposedly on the way to the next Bundesliga lead.
But then the SGE turned up, shot within a good hour the frustration of an adult season start from the soul and triumphed furios with 5:2. "It's madness what the guys have done today," cheered trainer Oliver Glasner at DAZN and spoke of a "Pauschal-Lob," to everyone who was involved.
At the beginning, it looked like a new shock absorber for Frankfurt, still ahead of its expectations.
Patrick Schick had brought the Leverkusener to the lead with 2:0.
What happened was also impressed by the SGE trainer.
"However, the players have returned and showed a fantastic performance," Glarner said.
I am really happy with the performance we have shown and of course with the result.
He was also the first player to be able to stand up again for the first time since the fourth game day and his overcome muscle injury.
"I think our mentality is unbelievable," said the 27-year-old, looking forward to the result especially for the audience.
That was the party we wanted to shoot today.
For the upcoming tasks, however, Glaser wants to keep the focus on itself, but sees itself well positioned with regard to the personnel situation.
It is extraordinary that we have all players fit in December that all players are physically in a top-level constitution.
It is top work in our medical department, but also the players live highly professional.
Now you want to go on step by step and stay modestly" and "do the tasks up to the change of the year "on this level".
The next one will be on the programme already in the course of the English week, with Borussia Mönchengladbach (18.30 a.m., Sky).
I get the mail that my package comes back to you due to an error.
I tried to call #PRS_ORG# and get it redirected, no chance.
Can it be sent directly to me again or do I have to wait until the money is transferred and the order is returned?
Couldn't say that I'm not going to order again because it took a long time.
Have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Champions for Handball Women vs. Spain
Germany’s Handball-women, after humiliation against Denmark with hanging heads and empty eyes of the parquet.
At the end of the World Cup main round, the DHB selection at the 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers was a fierce defeat and must now compete against host Spain in the quarter-final.
"We were far too anxious and had too much respect for the opponent," states trainer Henk Groener.
Spain needs to be different.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany completed the main round group III with 8:2 points as the second behind the Danes (10:0).
It is a pity that we could not take the flow.
That was a bad game of all that we must delete," said Captain Emily Böl.
In the battle for entering the semi-finals, a significant increase must be made against the World Cup II of 2019 next Tuesday, in order to keep the soft dream of the first medal since 2007.
Best German Werferin in the Duell with the three-time Olympic Champion Denmark was the backinge player Alina Grijsels with six goals.
"We weren't there - neither in the attack, nor in the defense," said Xenia Smits, who asked: "We must now look forward quickly.
From the front to the rear not on the Height
Unlike the previous five tournament games, the German team was not on the high.
Bugs and technical failures in the attack and gaps in the defense were responsible for a fast 0:4 back after seven minutes.
Only Torfrau Dinah Eckerle was immediately at work temperature and prevented with some parasites worse.
The first goal was to reach the DHB team after 9:30 minutes, when Grijseel successfully completed a rapid strike.
The hoped-for initial ignition, however, was not.
German women could hardly be in the scene against the aggressive cover of the Danes - and if so, they mostly failed at the strong Althea Reinhardt in the gate of the Scandinavians.
For example, at the 3:10, the match was set early in 20 minutes, at the time, backstage playmate Mia Zshade saw a little later because of a hard foul at her rival Red.
In the quarter final, however, it is allowed to participate again.
Only in the final phase of the first half the DHB selection came a bit better into the game and up to the break at least five goals.
The only quiet hope for a catch-up hunt after the change was after seven minutes at 9:19.
Once again, the Groener referees all over the world, making it easy for the well-funded opponent to be among the medal candidates in the final round.
As a result, the German team could no longer get up to an increase in performance and went as a clear loser from the parquet.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family traditions during the Christmas season.
In the context of the Reddit Advent Calendar we have sniffed the day of St. Nicholas and take the occasion to dedicate our family traditions to Christmas, Advent, Christmas, Christmas Eve and Christmas Holidays.
What was it at home then?
How to become a partner?
Do you want to share your traditions with your children?
What is best for the children?
The Scary?
Cooking cookies?
Trees?
Will it music?
Is the Santa Claus, the Christmas Child or is the gift of Oma and Opa?
No matter how you make it, everyone feels at home and around Christmas, to have it as nice as possible as a family.
Whether that is fixed traditions, or even every year something else tells us how it was in your family or running!
please send me any transaction number.
Confirmation of payment... etc.
I would like to get a voucher code.
as with #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers.
Is this about them?
The title exists, I am a physicist in mobile vaccination teams, where (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is v.a. v.a. in nursing homes.
As these are soon finished to a large part, it goes partly to the vaccination centres for me.
I would like to answer questions without time limit on the organizational and human aspects and also medical questions, if they are not personally related to one (e.g. "I take medicine X, is responsible for the vaccination.").
In my field of work, the Enlightenment for the Vaccine, the Indicator (person is entitled to a vaccine for corona vaccination, and no reasons to talk about it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, the emergency care of allergic reactions (I have never happened).
The vaccination itself is delegated to qualified personnel, e.g. medical personnel.
In immunization teams, however, we often don't have anything, but "just" (for God's sake, no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical technical assistants for vaccine preparation, but who can't perform vaccines, so that I can do most of the vaccines themselves.
Serious "Huidler" Question: Amberger knows the Solution
What please is a "Huidler"?
With this dialect word, sent by an Amberger, the BR television show "We in Bavaria" has been stirred up with intense reflection.
However, unlike many previous days, the term "host mi?" was not mentioned by the callers this time.
No, it was not a "man who is nervous".
And no one, "that everything must go fast".
That, people heard from the TV moderator, was completely wrong.
What the man from Amberg provided the solution, and thus, even in the case of many Oberpfälzers, it was a surprise.
"The Huidler", experienced the viewer, "is a lamp with which someone wipes the stove".
This was confirmed by dialect researcher Antony Rowley, who has been an expert on Bavarian television for years.
With the comment that this is a typical superficial term, derived somehow from the more familiar word of mouth "houdern".
What a gap in education was closed - probably also for a number of people who have long lived in the Amberg area.
I can't buy books for 2 weeks.
It comes after the confirmation always following error: oops - something went wrong - try again later.
I have restarted the #PRS_ORG# gel#PRS_ORG#n, connected to the PC, synchronized and repaired.
Nothing helped.
tyre choice at the race bike - really so exciting?
Tomorrow morning I was awakened because I wanted to train at least a little to prepare my bike tour in the coming week.
Suggested, done and I drove with my bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really beautiful - but then what happened in every downtown (this time: Thanks Krefeld!).
Glass splinters on the track.
Zack, loud tongue and my back tyre wanted to do the rest of the track in any case.
Due to the fact that I had no real opportunity to get a spare coat and spare hose due to the weekdays, I had to turn around home with halfway bad mood and take the first track home.
If it wasn't that bad, maybe it's better if I practice the tyre change before the bike tour.
Now I face a question and hope you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long track over several days before me, I would be very pleased to get this problem more often.
Now it wasn't bad, as even the old tyres from the front-passenger (very nice old man, on the day I got the bike up to 2 p.m.!
But if I think I have to change the tyre when driving after 80-90kms, then I think I'm really badly lamented :D.
Now I came to the talk with an older man at the train station who wondered me why I didn't have the marathon Plus tires; they are supposed to be unbearable.
Now, of course, it sounds very tempting.
But are they really so unchallenged?
I have little desire to spend 40€/trips, only to be disappointed.
Furthermore I wonder: I have at the moment on the bike I think 25x622.
This is also available at the Marathon Plus tires, but the majority is already wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you recommend me to other tyres at a racing bike?
The Schwalbe site seems to recommend my absolute!
Thank you very much in advance for the help and dear greetings!
A Car Killed Against Tree: Drivers Deadly
The 53-year-old was on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten with his car out of unexplained cause against a Mediterranean island and then approached the runway as the police told.
There came a frontal collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The car of the 53-year-old was then squandered against a tree and the man trapped in the car.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old frontier were badly injured during the accident and brought to nearby hospitals.
ja we have all the books deleted everything new authorized and new books loaded.
Environmentally friendly: The products of MOTIP DUPLI are free of harmful metals.
The group of companies strives to use recipes without proper or bad ingredients without affecting the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging consists of recyclable materials.
Waste: Please only empty areas to recycling.
Fixes with residuals to cause the problem.
Marking: All products of MOTIP DUPLI correspond to the current state of the labelling regulations.
The classification, classification, award is according to GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EC in the current form.
The safety data sheets correspond to REACH 1907/2006/EC, Article 31 and Annex II, in the current form.
With many DUPLI-COLOR spring jackets, spray protection and break-proof fastening cap prevent unauthorized use.
Note the corresponding notes on cap or label.
Before applying these carefully read and pay attention to the texts.
Do I get confirmation by mail?
I have been insured by your colleagues for 3 times... how reliable is your information?
When will the forwarding company contact me?
I have already written, did not get my sms?
After the release of our new High End Breeding Band B 100 - 6 OHM it was only a matter of time until our SOLO series would again be available again.
SOLO 15 is the new springling and reminds visually of the great models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, in this construction proposal, a suitable design foot is included directly in order to raise the speaker to the correct sound position.
It has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adapted according to the conditions at home.
In principle, the SOLO 15 is very suitable for people with the maximum volume playing a rather inferior role, but can be achieved with an exceptionally high level.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not able to produce almost unfiltered such large noise levels.
But this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, it appears remarkably adult and extremely impressive and accurate for its size.
Tonal has been tuned to the SOLO 15 with a slight high-tone rise.
This is generally common for wide bands to optimize the high frequency of the band.
The SOLO 15 with its very clear and fine sound is perfectly aligned to the auditorium.
Easily rotated outside, the high-tone range can be reduced, making the sound image more warmer.
Thanks to the point sound source, the positioning of the individual components of a piece of music in the optimal stereo triangle is sharpened and amazingly precise.
The extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM ensure a fine dynamic look for the same.
The SOLO 15 not only complements our SOLO series, but also extends it in terms of resolution capacity and battery capacity.
As with all our kits, it is advisable to think about the final look of the loudspeaker at the beginning to plan for changes in the construction.
For example, if you want to change the housing, you need to adjust the lowering of the loudspeaker, since the veneer is applied again.
After all plates have been cut (e.g. in the construction market), you should first drill a 8 mm hole into the floor plate at the appropriate place to perform the cable without any problems.
With the help of an upper mill the loudspeaker opening is followed in the front, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can be used in parallel.
The opening should be provided with a 45° fibre to make the opening area of the loudspeaker chassis as large as possible.
The four screw-in points of the B 100 - 6 OHM will be interrupted, as shown in the image "Detail Fase".
Then you start with the actual structure of the box and place one of the two sides on a flat surface.
Now the backwall, the lid, the front and the ground are mounted.
The three stiffeners should also be used and glued.
The stiffeners themselves can vary in material thickness if needed, for example, if you want to use finished bars from the construction market instead of producing them from 16 mm MDF.
The second page will be displayed in the next step.
Then follow all the plates of the foot, i.e. the two sides, as well as the front.
By means of a suitable hole circular saw or a forstner drill, the opening of the bass reflex tube and the connection clamp on the back wall is facilitated.
Then you use a circular milling machine to round off all edges of the actual box.
The topside of the footboard can also be rounded.
The footboard is bonded firmly with the foot of the housing and additionally screwed with long wooden screws.
The following is the indication and forging (2.5 mm drill) of the screw points of the loudspeaker chassis and the connection clamps.
After the case of wood dust has been cleaned (washing / blowing), you begin to lay the cable.
This is the simplest result of the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the back wall.
At the same time, the entire and shortened wire is shifted to a piece by the 8 mm drilling in the foot up to the terminal opening.
In the upper part of the housing, the cable leads to the loudspeaker opening.
The frequency difference is then prepared and used.
The installation plan of the frequency deviations as well as the corresponding connection plan can be taken from the following document: Installation guide Softe Solo 15.
If the frequency switches are installed and the connection terminal is screwed, the seal is followed by the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely closed.
Due to the 35 mm BASSREFLEX opening and with some skill, it is possible to drop hot sticks on the opening and close.
By opening the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp you can check the seal accordingly.
Now follow the stunting as described.
Then the B 100 - 6 OHM is attached and screwed with the corresponding screws.
The polarity plays an important role in this process, so that the plus wire (marked cables) must be sold to the speaker's plus pole (grey contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is shortened and plugged into the specified length of 28 mm (the total length of the pipe).
For damping a mat of the damping material is cut into two parts and distributed loosely in the housing.
Opening around the bass reflex channel should be freed.
Can I place an order now and send it to the beginning of June?
> Hello to everyone,
> finally we can announce that this year we will host the OSCAST again!
> We are not able to get more than four people into the studio for known reasons, which means a higher planning effort and the short-termity of the announcement.
ABER: There will be at least three people by switch, so we will follow the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We do our best to avoid delay or other problems.
But hey, it is still pandemic – but we will do everything to accompany the Oscars as entertainingly as possible.
> There will be about 0:30.
Have a good time with your friends or family.
The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee corresponds to 40% of the value of the goods....
I am #PRS_ORG# wholesale customer and so it is not a problem for me.
Just need a number or instruction what I should enclose the package so that it can be tracked by you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago... for 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
To be honest, I find that very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and re-order for the better price or is there another way of crediting?
I also think that children should not be expected to take on a parenting role for their little siblings.
However, I think it is also good for big siblings to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Take a quick look, help for a moment, bring the bottle, etc.
In this way, they learn responsibility, help in the family and are involved.
As long as you can still be a child yourself, I see no problem.
If your K1 is busy alone for a short time and it is OK for him, that's good.
You can decide for yourself whether this is suitable for your children.
After all, it's not that he should wrap K2 and accompany him for hours while falling asleep.
From a purely legal point of view, it is probably questionable.
Maybe that's where the psychologist's statement comes from.
Because if something should actually happen like a fire, burglary, earthquake, alien invasion, etc., it would actually be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk you want to take is, of course, your discretion ;)
Please help me find the title of a book again!
I remember reading a crime/thriller a few years ago and I can still remember almost the entire plot, but the title just won't come to mind anymore maybe someone here knows...
The story was about fear and how to treat it.
At the beginning of the story, a zookeeper commits suicide by showering himself with food and going to his predatory cats in the enclosure.
The case is taken over by a commissioner who, after a short investigation, gets to his therapist who runs a clinic where he treats anxious patients.
The commissioner has a little niece who also has a fear (of fire) and ends up with this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is anonymously commissioned before each suicide to go to the place of suicide and document and put the photos on the internet.
In any case, it ultimately turns out that this therapist runs a kind of underground therapy group where the patient is transplanted a chip that suppresses an anxiety center in the brain and the patients ultimately face their anxiety in the most extreme way.
(one woman jumps out of the window, another deliberately drives herself to death)
This facing of fear is referred to in the book as "the fight".
At the end there is a big showdown in the clinic that had to do with a fire.
I'm pretty sure that the book was originally written by a French author.
If this plot is known to someone or even someone can tell me the title of the book, I would be very happy.
Oh dear, I don't have the password for the wlan available.
I have to contact my husband first.
But that may take time.
What steps do I have to take afterwards?
Is it also possible to get the price difference refunded?
Child, 4 y., Splinter under the thumb nail
Child, four years, has splinters of wood under the thumb nail (outside) along the entire length.
Have tried to pull him with tweezers.
Very difficult to grab.
Didn't work out and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No more chance.
I'm going to the doctor tomorrow.
All Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools are carefully checked, tested and subject to the strict controls of Bosch quality assurance.
Bosch therefore provides a guarantee for Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools.
The buyer's warranty claims arising from the purchase contract with the seller as well as legal rights are not limited by this warranty.
We provide a guarantee for these tools in accordance with the following conditions:
We provide a warranty in accordance with the following regulations (Nos. 2 – 7) by repairing the defects on the tool free of charge, which are demonstrably based on a material or manufacturing defect within the warranty period.
The warranty period is 24 months, for commercial or professional use or equivalent use 12 months.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the firstthe buyer.
The date on the original purchase receipt is decisive.
For all commercial, blue power tools and measuring tools purchased from 01.09.2004 (with the exception of high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers and pneumatic tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks of the date of purchase.
Battery packs and chargers as well as supplied accessories are excluded from this warranty extension.
Registration can only be done on the Internet at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty take place.
The confirmation is the registration document, which must be printed out immediately, as well as the original purchase receipt, which indicates the date of purchase.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data to be entered there.
Excluded from the warranty are: parts that are subject to use-related or other natural wear, as well as defects in the tool that are due to use-related or other natural use, abnormal environmental conditions, extraneous operating conditions, overload or lack of maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessory, supplementary or spare parts that are not original Bosch parts.
Tools on which changes or additions have been made.
Slight deviations from the desired condition, which are irrelevant for the value and usability of the tool.
The remedy of the defect recognized by us as subject to warranty is carried out in such a way that we repair the defective tool at our discretion free of charge or replace it with a flawless tool (possibly also a successor model).
Replaced tools or parts become our property.
When did the deadline expire?
According to distance selling law, I have a right of withdrawal of 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
Due to the combination of a digital decoder and a sound module on a printed circuit board, we achieve dimensions of only 30mm x15.5mm and can therefore be installed in almost any locomotive of the track widths H0 and 0.
LokSound 5 decoders are offered with all common interfaces and always come with an 11x15mm large "sugar cube" speaker and sound capsule kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a real multiprotocol decoder.
It supports the DCC data format as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In the DCC format, 14 to 128 speeds are as natural as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders register fully automatically at a suitable digital control panel.
It masters all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom®, the CV values on the main track can be read out with suitable control panels.
There are auxiliary registers for central stations that can only program the CVs from 1-255.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speeds at 255 addresses.
Three additional Motorola® addresses enable the triggering of 16 functions.
A built-in programming mode also makes reprogramming possible with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows an automatic login to mfx®-compatible control panels.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes the Märklin® brake lines as well as ZIMO® HLU brake commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
Braking with DCC brake blocks or with DC voltage is also possible.
In addition, it also stops with a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC automatic shuttle train enables automatic commuting between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analog DC and AC tracks.
After my voucher is no longer extended due to a complaint that has not arrived at my place, I will send my order worth approx.
#NUMBER#remove € from my shopping cart and order somewhere else, where customer friendliness is higher and I don't have to tap my fingers sore to achieve absolutely nothing!!
Then what should I do with this number??
Because of Omikron: Johnson wants to push booster vaccination
More and more new Omikron cases are getting politics and science in the UK.
Therefore, all qualifying adults in England should receive a vaccination offer by the New Year.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to make even faster progress in the corona booster vaccinations in view of rapidly increasing omikron numbers than previously sought.
Every adult in England should be given the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year, provided that at least three months have passed since the second vaccination, Johnson said on Sunday evening in a pre-recorded video message to his compatriots.
So far, the target date was the end of January.
The UK government will also provide additional support to speed up vaccination campaigns in parts of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
In view of the Omikron variant, an emergency is faced, which is why vaccination protection urgently needs to be strengthened, Johnson said.
The good news is that the level of protection can be increased again with a third dose of vaccine.
"Let yourself be boosted now!", said Johnson.
On Sunday, 1239 more omicron cases were recorded in the UK, bringing the total number to 3137.
Compared to the previous day, this was an increase of a whopping 65 percent. dpa
will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price upon collection?
I am for everyone to introduce themselves with pronouns
I have sent out an application.
Today the invitation for a conversation came by e-mail.
I want to reply to the e-mail.
But, unfortunately, the name is not "Peter", but a slightly more complicated name.
I googled him and depending on where he/she has a cultural background, it is either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how to write the email now.
Can someone please help me?
** I am a foreigner and do not want to step over the feet of an official.
Conclusion: everyone should introduce themselves with pronouns.
I have a total of 5 books on it.
4 of them go.
Only the one that I bought today does not work
Obviously, the chair had a non-obvious defect when sold.
How can such a cushion damage occur after 9 months otherwise?
First tried on the #PRS_ORG#.
But this has been working since ca.
14 Days no more.
Therefore, I always bought the last books through the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6#PRS_ORG# but wanted to buy 8.
However, there were no more.
Now they are available again and I want you to please add 2 chairs to the order and charge me for that.
[CW] That feeling when I can't help.
Content Warning: I'm going to write something a little detailed about domestic violence here.
I just need to write something from my soul.
I (21) come into contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence more often for professional reasons.
One topic that really gnaws at me and unfortunately happens far too often is that many victims cannot be helped or think we could not help them.
It is quite clear to me that we cannot do everything and it is not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my profession that move me more than if I can't do anything in such situations.
I see the bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in private conversation, with the perpetrator far out of sight and hearing distance, I can not reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the usual social environment, fear of tearing the children out of it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes even very close to tears, everyone is worth being able to live without violence.
I want all women to know that they don't just have to accept violence.
I often wish I could help in any case... i know I can't.
But it will never be easier.
Please, always remember, you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
"Arcane" on Netflix: what is the series good for "League of Legends"?
A lot of fantasy, a lot of complicated names, a breathtaking presentation: "Arcane", the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, has recently launched on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two season?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle of the MHP giants Ludwigsburg at the Merlins Crailsheim
At least youngster Johannes Patrick was reliable.
Nothing again: for the second time in less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick had said with the review of the Cup defeat at the beginning of October at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim: "We still have some anger in our stomach".
However, it did not settle down after the game - but increased again in view of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the Basketball Bundesliga.
And even more than the naked result, the manner of the performance disappointed.
Let me mention a statistic that expresses the entire dilemma: the three-way rate was just 13 percent, 4 hits (all by the young Johannes Patrick) on a whopping 31 attempts - any more questions?
The answer was provided by John Patrick: "We were simply not focused enough after the victory at Tenerife, and did not implement what we trained".
Namely to move the ball.
His opposite Sebastian Gleim reacted very differently: "To win a great game for the second time against Ludwigsburg," said the happy coach.
"It felt like it was in front of 10,000 people".
Only 750 visitors were allowed in the Hohenlohe Arena on Saturday, but they got their money's worth.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who scored 22 points and steered the game of his team.
"The best playmaker I've ever coached," Gleim added.
While in Patrick's team even the top performers such as Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed down the line.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) the Giants prevented a total debacle and came up to eight points after they had already fallen behind 39:59.
In addition to Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon also scored twelve points.
Fortunately, there is not much time for quarreling.
Already on Wednesday (19 o'clock) the giants will receive the Skyliners Frankfurt, in front of a maximum of 750 spectators in Ludwigsburg.
we used to have a different email address, but I changed it.
Yes, I already contacted you a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We have informed ourselves legally again and have therefore written to you again.
We originally got in touch half a year ago.
Always as if peeled from the egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He is able to inspire his audience with new interpretations of hits from the 20s and 30s.
He is currently on the road with the program "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" - if he is allowed to perform.
Actually, Max Raabe would have wanted to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing will come of it.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - "on official instructions" in order to contain the corona virus.
Other of his performances scheduled during the Advent season also have to be cancelled first, as it is on the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de ) is called.
From January, the artists will then want to make up for their dates already postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe liked to sing a lot as a teenager.
He studied opera singing in Berlin, and in 1986 he founded the Palast Orchester together with fellow students.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of hits and chansons in the style of comedian harmonists.
He has been awarded numerous prizes.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) reached - just like his successful album "For women it's no problem" (2013) - the second place of the charts.
He made it out of the niche and into the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, his blond hair combed back strictly and with etiquette in mind, Max Raabe has become an indispensable part of the current German-speaking music landscape.
He has been on tour with the program "Guten Tag, liebes Glück" since 2020. dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It can be supplemented with existing furniture and so we could check beforehand whether it fits in color
It still doesn't work I can only crave the cover page but can't scroll.
Federal Minister of Construction Klara Geywitz: Expropriation will not create a new apartment
The new Federal Minister of Construction, Klara Geywitz (SPD), has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing corporations, as was demanded in a referendum in Berlin.
"With an expropriation, not a single new apartment is created, only the ownership structure changes," Geywitz said in an interview with the "Tagesspiegel" (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants the certainty that their rent will remain affordable in the next few years.
By the way, a colorful mix of, for example, private landlords, cooperatives or housing associations is the best protection against the formation of a monopoly.
In Berlin, the coalition of the SPD, Greens and Left Party wants to set up an expert commission on how to deal with the result of the referendum.
However, if the situation does not ease, Geywitz did not rule out talks with the FDP in the traffic light coalition about further tightening of tenancy law.
The coalition agreement provides for a rent brake until 2029, a limit on rent increases in tense housing markets and the expansion of the rent level.
I will talk to the Minister of Justice to implement this as soon as possible.
If the rental market still does not relax, "we will talk to the coalition partners about further steps," the SPD politician stressed.
Hello, I wanted to order something and I noticed after a few days that I forgot the last step in the payment.
Unfortunately, the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be back in stock?
Or whether it will happen again at all?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Coupon sounds great
Then I redeem it independently with the new order
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long does it take to ship per se?
I've already cut myself on the finger
This is an absolute insolence
At least 100 killed by tornadoes in Kentucky
Numerous tornadoes have passed through the United States during a devastating storm system.
There could be more than 100 deaths in Kentucky alone.
The pictures from there are reminiscent of a war zone.
On the night of Saturday, several tornadoes caused severe devastation in the United States and possibly caused up to a hundred deaths.
The storms leave behind an approximately 320-kilometer-long swath of devastation, especially in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor, Andy Beshear, said after a visit to the disaster area that wherever the tornado had passed through, everything was gone.
Houses, shops, government buildings - just get away.
Parts of industrial facilities, roofs are in the trees.
It's hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He expects up to a hundred dead in the state of Kentucky alone, the official figures are increasing every hour.
Hello, I just saw that your showcase #NAME# is sold out.
This is a great pity.
Is it still being produced?
Or is it completely removed from the range?
Is it possible to order this showcase in another country?
when will you be in touch?
If the delivery cannot be made to my apartment, I have to cancel the order !
I understand that, but can I order the blanket now and have it delivered to Germany, which is in the shopping cart?
I had returned an item or given a return via the contact form and wanted to ask if it arrived or is being processed, as I have not yet received a confirmation.
Companies pay vaccination premiums and change advertising slogans
While the federal government continues to reject the proposals for a vaccination premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative themselves and are offering their employees cash bonuses for vaccination.
This puts them in line with the social partners ÖGB and the Chamber of Commerce, who today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination calls - according to the German model - should also increase the willingness to corona vaccinations.
He moved to a company that he was complaining about.
That doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and drink tea.
It's been a year.
He obviously did not sew himself in his old place and was looking for something else.
You can do that too.
And that he didn't think you were good at that time: well, it doesn't matter.
He didn't think his job was good either.
There are too many variables.
Please record the cancellation.
That will be legally relevant.
I'm making a screen shot.
Good afternoon - I'm interested in the Boone dining table, White.
Is it also available in large 230cm?
We carry out in our online shop kitchenpoint.de all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories.
We always check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new coffee machine from Smeg brings freshly ground coffee to your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matt colours in combination with the matt brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG fully automatic coffee machine with milk frother a design object.
According to the reduced design, all functions such as grind and water quantity, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with just four buttons.
Thanks to the steamer, coffee-milk and milk foam specialties can also be prepared.
Help with your first own campaign
Welcome to Boron!
I am currently leading the adventure over the Griffin Pass for a group of 4 friends and would like to seamlessly lead my heroes into a campaign specially written for the players.
We play DSA 5.
The big bow has been made, the villains and their motivations have been written, the individual acts have been thought up and now I am about to write the entry-level adventure and stumble over my own feet already on the first encounter.
The premise is that the heroes are to take a wagon with grain from Gratenfels to a small village near Lake Thuran.
This is where the further plot should develop.
A few miles from the village, the hero is supposed to lie in wait for a group of goblins and lure them into an ambush.
I want to give the player characters the opportunity to resolve the confrontation in various ways: convince, act, threaten, recognize the danger at an early stage, whatever comes to mind for the players.
Group strength: 8 ordinary goblins, 2 armed with spears, 6 with bows and sabers
If they don't notice, the goblins lurk the hero in a hollow path and flank the carriage armed with three bows each on the left and right, while two with spears stop the carriage.
If there is a fight and the heroes are defeated, I have two solutions
1. The heroes are all found unconscious and then healed by the son of the village school, a half-elf.
The cart, of course, is gone.
2. If defeat is inevitable, this half-elf intervenes with two of his servants and comes to the aid of the heroes in battle.
The cart is still there, everything is great.
How appropriate do you think Deus ex Machina is from Solution 2?
Is the Encounter too much as an introduction to adventure?
The Goblins group will play a decisive role later, so it's not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I didn't expect so many answers, especially not so many great suggestions and tips.
I will definitely take many of your ideas to heart and now I have more confidence in my narratives again.
I took the lamp apart again.
And put them back together.
Unfortunately, it still does not work.
That's why I would still like to send them back
Can you then leave the return receipts to come, then I can pack the lamp and take it to the #PRS_ORG#.
Save shipping costs and time - and save the environment at the same time!
If you need more than one item, please click on "Pay now" when you have all the items in your shopping cart.
Thus, the combined shipping is automatically calculated and you get everything in one package.
This procedure saves you the multiple purchase processing / payment and the environment is happy, as no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel are consumed for the delivery of several packages.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule, we will ship your shipment, upon receipt of payment by 14:00, on the same working day.
In order for your parcel to arrive as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is also written on your mailbox and your bell.
Do you want us to send your package to a packing station?
Then please select DHL, because only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL packing stations.
We will send you an e-mail with the shipment number, if you have selected DHL or DPD as the shipper.
So you can check where your package is already from about 22:00 clock.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be happy if you rate us positively and give all five stars in the detailed reviews.
If it should happen that not everything has gone to your complete satisfaction, we would be grateful if you contact us before you leave a review.
This is the only way we have the chance to do everything to make you happy.
We didn't do anything with the chair.
suddenly the crack was there
I just sat on it
Here was the lower part, so almost the part with storage space damaged.
Will everything be picked up again or only the storage part?
I'm annoyed by Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the season the quality on the German Sky has decreased more and more, so I want to give myself a little air with this post.
First of all, the broadcast was canceled today in the middle of the F2 race in order to start the F1 pre-coverage on time.
Although the schedule was far behind the planning due to the delayed start and the start accident, but you would still have had the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the championship decision (!) can still show.
Apparently, however, it is the case that for legal reasons F1 enjoys priority and therefore everything else has to be limited, so that Sky DE probably had no choice here.
Still stupid, especially since Sky UK has broadcast the race to the end.
Nevertheless, a small praise: the commentator Olivier Zwarties has accompanied the difficult situation around the serious accident well.
Then there was a lack of knowledge of the rules in F1 again with the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, so both did not know that you can change the tires under a red flag.
Although this situation already existed in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both only came to the decision that Verstappen should be allowed to change the tyres when there were corresponding radio messages to Hamilton on this topic.
On Sky UK and RTL, both commentators immediately knew that there was this possibility for Verstappen.
I think you should simply know such elementary rules when commenting on F1 on a pay TV channel.
It is also not the first guesswork, what is now possible or prescribed according to the rules, both simply have constant uncertainties in the subject of rules.
In general, I do not like the contrived comment style of Roos, but I admit that this is a matter of taste.
But I really like Heiko Wasser from RTL better.
In addition, there are constant silly things that make both of them seem simply unprofessional, such as ordering coffee from the (equally clueless) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" by Ralf Schumacher.
Especially the latter brings a lot of restlessness in the comment, which he apparently does not take seriously.
Last but not least, advertising is simply taking over at Sky, in the run-off round, Sky is the only channel that goes into advertising, as you can listen to on F1TV because only the German soundtrack has to do without commentary right after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do that.
Also, these two channels do less advertising in the trainings than Sky, and that as a free TV channel.
Although you have to praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, that alone does not let me overlook the disadvantages.
The rest of the Sky Sport F1 program is also very meager and full of repetitions.
Overall, Sky is really the worst German-language channel broadcasting F1.
With the exception of advertising, RTL is doing a better job with the four races that they are still allowed to broadcast.
In any case, the grandiose F1 season is much less fun than it would be possible with a reasonable broadcaster.
I would be interested in your opinion.
Click here: #PRS_ORG#-Pendant lamp, brass and multicolored glass x 1
Hello, I have an item that was supposed to be delivered last week and is still not being delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and so far nothing.
The first lady told me that it will be sent on Monday, the second lady told me yesterday that she will check and send an email and she never replied.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on 12.12.19.
One of them has already shown a defect after a relatively short time (the fabric has a hole on the front part of the chair).
I ask for support.
Fan pumps are ideal for supplying an aquarium with additional oxygen.
It is also possible to operate a filter system via air lifters.
This series is offered in 3 variants by us.
Look at the table at the end of the offer.
There you can see the services in comparison.
If the pumps are strong enough, you can operate entire systems with them.
If you have a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are suitable, so that you can connect several vents.
The MK series has one, two or four outputs, but depending on the model, fan pumps are also suitable for setting an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with an air curtain (you can find it in our shop) or with a decor that converts the air bubbles into a function.
Here would be a treasure chest, shell or similar to call.
The MK series has a special, sound-insulated construction and thus ensures low operating noise.
Installation is very simple.
The fan pump is connected by means of an air hose 4/6 mm to an air outlet or the like...and off we go.
The fan pump should be the same as or higher than the water level and should be mounted on the outside.
If the fan pump sits lower than the water level, you should put a check valve between them.
Simply cut through the air hose and place the valve between them.
This would prevent water from running backwards once the water from the basin passes through the pump...
If the fan pump should be installed outdoors, it should, like other air pumps, be covered and protected from moisture
The pumps of the MK series are pure power packs that consume little energy
Even if we specify the processing time here in ebay with 3 days, we pack every day and the packages are also picked up here every day.
If everything goes well on the road, it goes very quickly.
We just want to prevent a little so that no one is upset just because it once took a little longer.
It would be so, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in the forwarding business...of course, no corona stops here.
Please do not rate badly just because the delivery is delayed, this is solely due to the parcel services.
One of course likes to scold about these services, even if we say at the moment,...they have it fucking hard
This is also very different regionally.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that there will be better times again.
how long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrest?
Can you also order the legs in hell here?
Amazon founder Bezo sends astronaut daughter and presenter into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers have made a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by the rocket system "New Shepard" of the company Blue Origin by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
The take-off and landing of the approximately ten-minute flight took place in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky, Bezos personally welcomed the newly crowned astronauts after their return.
"Welcome back," Bezos, dressed in a blue spacesuit, said as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
To the applause of friends, family members and Blue Origin employees, the six passengers gradually climbed out and hugged the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they were on the road for ten minutes and 13 seconds, reaching an altitude of 107 kilometers.
The 74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of Alan Shepard (1923-1998), who flew into space as a Nasa astronaut in 1961, after whom the rocket system of Blue Origin is named, and the 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were guests of honor of the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: space engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not disclose how much they paid for each ticket.
Laura Shepard Churchley recalled her father's mission after the short flight.
He had to work hard on his assignments and do everything himself.
The 74-year-old said with a laugh that she was just flying along.
Michael Strahan also expressed enthusiasm.
He would like to return to space right away, said the presenter.
"New Shepard" flies up to an altitude of 100 kilometers
The missile system "New Shepard" flies largely automated.
The capsule separated from the rocket during the flight reached an altitude of about 100 kilometers above the Earth, at times with zero gravity, before the reusable object slowed down by large parachutes landed again.
The International Aviation Federation and many other experts consider 100 kilometers above the Earth to be the border with outer space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was already the third manned all-outing of Blue Origin: at the first one in July, Amazon founder Bezos himself was on board, along with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second in October was attended by 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, who became world famous with his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek", as well as former Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, entrepreneur Glen de Vries and deputy head of Blue Origin, Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of pushing the space tourism business largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and without regard for the climate.
At the push of a button, you can easily select whether your "Smart Stone" should shine permanently in one color or play through its entire color repertoire.
Set to color change, the luminous stone retains a light color for about a minute, before it smoothly transitions to the next decorative shade.
The solid construction of the "Smart Stone" luminaire proves its worth outdoors all year round.
In a snowy environment, their light is even particularly good – only a shorter lighting time is to be expected as soon as the days are shorter.
In winter, please only make sure that no snow impairs the solar module in its function.
"Smart Stone" uses a NiMH battery in the common Mignon ("AA") format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can obtain a suitable replacement battery from our webshop and thus extend the service life of your decorative lamp even further.
High-gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, in particular for the design of rims, wheel trim, paintable plastic parts with appropriate pretreatment.
With this product DUPLI-COLOR offers for the first time a wipe- and weatherproof chrome spray.
The optimal effect is achieved on a black background, e.g. by pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single can and in a set incl. Effect primer and dust binding cloth for optimal preparation of the painting.
For use on metal, wood, glass, paintable hard plastics, stone.
Perfectly this matches :) do I not need to settle anything else?
You only need the tracking number with my mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or has studied biochemistry
I am currently studying biochemistry in the first semester and actually find the subject quite exciting in itself and even standing in the laboratory does not bother me (I have already completed the inorganic chemistry internship).
Of course, I was already informed about career prospects before my studies, but I also thought at the time that I would definitely want to and will study until my doctorate.
At the moment, however, I have doubts, especially the career prospects are depressing me.
On the one hand (Studycheck etc) you hear again and again great career opportunities and the profession is totally sought after, on the other hand you hear again and again about unemployed biologists and incredibly low-paid jobs.
Therefore, I would really be interested:
1) What are you currently working as?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What did you study/ What training did you do?
4) Would you do the whole thing again?
Thank you for your answers!
I am really unsure at the moment and am considering possibly canceling my studies in 2022 and doing an apprenticeship as an IT specialist.
If you have any experience, feel free to write it :)
Extra stress before Holidays & Bank Holiday Weekends
This topic came up with me last week.
But now I had to use my long weekend to relax from it.
Therefore, only now a post to it.
Not only before big holidays, such as the Christmas holidays, there is a lot of stress in our company.
As it seems, it's also available before holidays plus bridge days.
It was like this: last week was the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, which is called "Ascension" in Switzerland.
On Friday, the vast majority of people and businesses make a bridge day, which is therefore semi-official.
So there was a long 4-day weekend in the house last week.
So what happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
Lots of e-mails that absolutely had to get out before the driveway, order here Order there, everything *absolutely* before the long weekend.
Because... yes, because?
Because "next week then" sounds like so much time and that should not be?
Or because, in all seriousness, people want to achieve as much in a shortened week as in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but also very nervous.
What is this self-flagellation for holidays?
Why do we still have holidays if we can't really treat ourselves to them?!
The stress did not come from above, the colleagues were all quite independent on it.
My question is simple: Is it just us, the Swiss?
Is this our reformed-Evangelical way?
Or do you know that in the North too?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - but has no presents yet.
"The nice thing, even if there is no snow in Erfurt, then you just drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest, " the actress and singer told Hit Radio FFH.
She will get in the mood for the party by baking and making cookies with her son.
"I love that," Catterfeld said.
But until the contemplative days, she still has a lot to do: "For the first time, I don't have any gifts yet, I finally have to get started".
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth process of moulting and new plumage formation.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 µg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of the plumage damage that occurs in bird husbandry is due exclusively to nutritional errors.
Since the plumage consists of protein-containing substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein nutrition of the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of an impeccable feather dress.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily diet must contain enough vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
A large part of the animal losses that occur during moulting are due to a lack or unbalanced protein intake and /or insufficient supply of vitamins and minerals.
In the composition of NEKTON-Bio, the unfavorable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feeds is explicitly taken into account and balanced.
No other vitamin supplement should be administered during the use of NEKTON-Bio.
NEKTON-Bio is soluble in cold water and can be easily administered via drinking water or soft food.
Thank you, I found it
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work
GDR-handcrafted model old building E-Locomotive E 95 03 DRG / DR, the locomotive was in use in Silesia and central Germany, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railway ME issue 11/1968, used with traces of play and missing parts see photos, Function well, the E 95 series is a heavy freight train electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was used for traction heavier Coal trains have been designed in the Silesian network, possibly the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is located in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and we have refurbished it operationally
In 1924, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft commissioned AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive that would be able to carry 2,200-ton coal trains and 530-ton passenger trains at a cruising speed of 45 km / h on this route.
The maximum speed required was 65 km / h.
Thus, in March 1926, the DRG decided on the delivery as a 1’ Co+Co1’ locomotive with a paw bearing drive AEG with the delivery of the mechanical part, the Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which received the operating numbers E 95 01-06.
All of them survived the Second World War and then found themselves on the territory of the later GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives arrived in the Soviet Union as reparations goods.
They returned to Germany until November 1952.
In the Reichsbahn repair plant in Dessau, the workability of all six locomotives was determined.
[4] As the re-electrification of the Central German network resulted in an increasing demand for locomotives for heavy freight train service, the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were refurbished in 1959, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts dispensers.
The E 04, E 44 and E 94, which are present in larger quantities, were preferably constructed first.
Only when it was clear from the E 94 that the work-up number could not be increased further, did the E 95 come into the focus of the work-up.
[4]Initially, the locomotives were stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren railway Depot.
They came to the Halle P Railway Works in 1960.
In a separate circulation plan, they were mostly used before coal trains from the Geisel Valley towards Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
With increasing age, the complicated control of the locomotives proved to be problematic.
So it often happened that contactors stuck during switching actions.
Then the Beimann, who was constantly traveling on this locomotive, had to loosen the contactors again with a hammer and a wooden wedge while driving.
Damage to the traction motors occurred more often and led to months of failures in the locomotive.
[5] Since there were enough new locomotives available at the end of the 1960s and a significant expansion of electrical operation was not planned at that time, the Reichsbahn was able to dispense with old locomotives and most types of splinters, so that the E 95 were decommissioned.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn only wanted to fill electric locomotives with one man, which would have resulted in a problem in train operation due to the aforementioned difficulties with the machines and the visibility from the driver's cab.
[5] After the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were discontinued in mid-1969, they were last followed by the E 95 01, which ceased service on 5 October 1970.
The proposed new designation 255 001 was therefore never used.
With the exception of the E 95 02, all locomotives were dismantled.
The E 95 02 was installed as a switch heating system at Halle Central Station as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10.
It still took some time before those responsible at the Reichsbahn could be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
in 1979, the first external refurbishment of the locomotive began with the aim of being able to present it at a vehicle show in RAW Dessau.
[5] Since then, it has belonged to the Dresden Transport Museum as a non-operational museum locomotive.
The locomotive was completed internally in 1986.
In the DB Museum Halle (Saale) the locomotive is looked after museal.
Since 1995, employees of the traditional association Bw Halle P have been working on the operational refurbishment of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive was presented for the first time for an exhibition at the Museum-Bw Arnstadt with a new internal and external paintwork, whereby the transformers were checked and five traction motors are operational.
-The locomotives were in use on the Silesian Mountain Railway and the branch branch lines until 1945, where they proved themselves due to their reliable drive and low maintenance.
In February 1945, the machines were transferred to the Central German network in Leipzig.
The main area of operation was initially Silesia
Handmade model H0 in OVP, function well, it is necessary to do visual rework on the locomotive in own work, dusted, with traces of play, cellar smell !!!, very rare handmade model, very small edition - possibly the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and storage marks.
Yes the F-parts are
I received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with one part.
The middle beam is held by two feet..unfortunately, these are too narrow and the beam can not be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
i can't build the bed.
The middle beam is held by two feet, these are unfortunately incorrectly produced.
The middle bar does not fit into the intended holder.
So I get new ones sent to me.
When will they be sent?
no no flat ones.
These are, according to the assembly instructions, the correct ones of the shape, they were just too narrow
But that doesn't matter.
The main thing is that they fulfill their purpose
With me they are not flat
Could I get these sent?
Hello #NAME#, should I explain the problem to you again?
House fire with two slightly injured and high damage
Two people have been slightly injured in a fire in a residential building in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, an estimated damage in the six-figure euro range has been caused, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had probably spread from a carport to the adjacent residential building in Kinsau (Landsberg am Lech district).
Two residents were reported to have been taken to hospital on Sunday with minor smoke inhalation.
The exact cause of the fire was not initially known, but the police did not assume that the fire was intentional.
The Kripo Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigation.
But it will arrive much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To refute fake news - BioNTech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin published on the social network "LinkedIn" a photo of his first vaccination in early 2021
BioNTech CEO Uğur Şahin had not yet commented publicly on his vaccination status.
Now the entrepreneur published a photo showing his corona vaccination.
A friend's illness prompted him to do so, Şahin said.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz-based company BioNTech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing how he receives a vaccination against the coronavirus.
There was false information on social media that I was allegedly not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I received 3 doses of the BioNTech-Pfizer vaccine, " Şahin wrote in a post on the LinkedIn network on Friday.
"For several months now, friends have been pushing me to post a photo of me being vaccinated to counteract these false rumors".
So far, he has refused to do so, because the communication should not revolve around himself.
But a phone call last week changed his mind: "I was deeply saddened when I learned that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is fighting a serious Covid-19 disease and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family were not vaccinated, Şahin continued to write.
He did not ask for the reasons.
"However, the most common cause seems to be fear, which is often fueled by misinformation and distrust".
It is difficult to fight fear with facts, sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
An interview with Deutsche Welle is circulating on the Internet, in which Uğur Şahin says that he was not vaccinated.
However, the video was made in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself made clear.
"I am not legally allowed to get the vaccine myself at the moment," Şahin said at the time.
In Germany, there is a prioritization in the vaccination of the vaccine.
In the meantime, the prioritization has long been removed - and the BioNTech BOSS has had himself vaccinated three times, according to his own information.
Fire in substation: tens of thousands of people without electricity
In several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia, the lights went out on Friday evening: no more electricity and in many cases probably no heating.
A fire had crippled a substation.
After a fire with severe damage in a substation, tens of thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia had to go without electricity for about 24 hours.
As a result of the fire, the lights went out on Friday evening for 41,000 affected residents in several municipalities.
The utility company Westnetz reported that numerous emergency generators were in operation on Saturday until the large-scale malfunction could finally be completely fixed late in the evening.
Firefighters and helpers of the THW provided support in the municipalities.
The authorities offered childcare places in schools and called for neighborhood help.
The provider thanked those affected for their patience and the helpers for their efforts.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant restrictions.
We would also like to thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire brigades and the THW for their tireless efforts,"said Florian Witt, Head of the Primary Technology department, in a statement on Saturday evening.
The repair of the damage will take a few more days, as the Western network installers were initially only able to put some lines back into operation provisionally, he explained.
According to the company, a technical defect led to the fire.
Electricity flows again
According to Westnetz, the fire that broke out at around 19.15 on Friday severely damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switchgear at the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid substation.
Complex cleaning and repair work is necessary there.
In parallel, a connection to a 30,000 volt voltage level had been created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply is restored.
Since Saturday 18 o'clock, more than 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had electricity again.
Another 20,000 residents of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually connected from 21.30 Clock.
Since 23.15, the last ones affected by the outage have also had electricity.
More than 80 fitters from Westnetz and partner companies were on duty.
The authorities had also called for neighborhood help after the construction of an emergency power supply for important buildings on Saturday afternoon.
"It is now important that citizens take care of elderly or single people in their neighborhood and inform the local fire brigade houses if help is needed," said District administrator Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
When setting up and operating emergency power generators, the main focus was on the residents of retirement homes.
In addition, according to the authorities, temporary care places were set up in schools for those people who could not take care of themselves or who need electricity-dependent medical equipment or are dependent on medical care.
Good afternoon!
Unfortunately, the blanket is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay in euros?
This is the bedspread #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you also have a nice day and please stay healthy ♡
But I can not mount the base frame on the table top.
This is Custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions of this.
We wanted those with table tops diameter of #NUMBER#
we got 155cm diameter.
Today my #PRS_ORG# arrived, but I can not push these into each other and thus shorten them.
Can you help me further?
Otherwise I would have to send it back, otherwise it is not suitable for the purpose.
I would appreciate a feedback
yes this is really easier!
Then let's do it like this!
will you send me the return slip by e-mail?
the repair is now complete.
I had already tried this before the chat.
Before the purchase, however, I had not restarted the E-#PRS_ORG#.
Should I do this now?
I find such a low credit almost outrageous.
We do not agree with this
Nordic Combined: Combiner Riiber wins
German Nordic combined skiers Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid have sprinted to the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
The duo had to admit defeat once again to the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started with a big advantage after jumping into the cross-country ski run.
Return of the order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes, we have both remade s and are using version 4.5...
it could be that you have often heard of problems
I bought a book directly with my #PRS_ORG#, it also seems to be on it.
As soon as I want to open it, the message comes, oops!
This document could not be opened.
File may be faulty please contact customer service.
As far as I can tell it is a #PRS_ORG#epub file.
Can you help me?
Chat connection is gone and now?
I also have to work in between!
In order for the paint application to be uniform and clean, you should clean the components of dust, grease and fingerprints with a little soapy water, rinse with clean water and dry.
Before you put the brush on the model for the first time with a new color, it is recommended to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the components, which will no longer be visible later, or on a yogurt cup.
The first line on the component
Draw the brush evenly stroke by stroke.
Slight overlapping of the layers of paint will later ensure a uniform surface.
Avoid quick swiping back and forth with the brush.
This creates unrealistic-looking surfaces.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the bright colors.
The dark ones might show through later.
Metal tones and metallic colors come to the very end with a separate brush.
Otherwise, there may be unattractive metal streaks when they mix with ordinary paints.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before you install them.
The models achieve a true-to-the-original appearance through the decals or decals.
From emblems on airplanes to ship names to trim strips and license plates on car models: the decals give the model the finishing touch.
Apply the decals in the correct order while the components are still easy to reach.
An aircraft cockpit can be glued or glued more easily before it is installed in the fuselage.
Even more important than the right tool such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks are time, patience and a steady hand when gluing.
Cut out each needed decal individually and arrange them for you.
Decals are also called water slide images because you moisten their back side with water for a short time until the backing paper becomes dark due to the wetness.
Then you just push the picture a small piece of paper and put the piece on the appropriate place on the model (which you also moistened beforehand).
While holding the decal on the model with a tool, pull the backing paper away from the side.
Attention: Always check whether the picture fits correctly before you push it completely off the paper, so that it does not stick to the finger, creases or even tears.
Siphon off excess water with a household towel.
Warning not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book for a short time, as soon as I look for something else then I no longer read the book and have to log out and log in and reload the book and look for the place where I have read.
I have already communicated with you ON Saturday.
Will I receive it by email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp arrived in 3 individual packages with me
ok anyway, thank you very much!
then I will buy somewhere else as soon as the money is back.
But can I get this back without any problems?
Fertility treatment for PKV / What is an "insured event"?
Hello everyone,
we have been in fertility treatment for some time, now when it comes to billing with the PKV, it suddenly turns crosswise.
In turn:
We had applied for the Kinderwunschbahndlung in advance at the PKV and received the confirmation of 3 attempts.
The experiments were not restricted in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to the successful pregnancy and childbirth and was settled with the PKV.
Some time later we tried to have a second child, and carried out 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but did not yet settle them with the PKV.
We again applied for the cost assumption at the PKV and were again granted 3 more attempts.
After a few more attempts (we have carried out more attempts than promised, logically the most expensive ones settle with the PKV), we submitted the invoices to the PKV and got the nasty surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3), the PKV wants to refund only 3 attempts.
The reason: with the pregnancy / birth, the remaining 2 attempts of the first commitment expire.
The second desire to have children is a new insured event.
According to the terms and conditions, however, "The insured event begins with the healing treatment, it ends when the need for treatment no longer exists."
The questions to the experts in the round here:
* Who is right here, the PKV (only 3 attempts will be refunded) or we (there are 5 attempts to be refunded)?
* Should the PKV have pointed out to us in the promises that further attempts expire with a birth?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insured event?
Infertility (caused by blocked fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts would give their opinion here.
Thank you very much for your help!
Can you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how I can best reach you again
That's fair enough.
We will not order anything from you anymore.
If you add the sales of me and my friend #NAME# (same address), you have obviously lost good customer.
You are welcome to forward this to your manager.
That's not competitive.
Yesterday the colleague told me that the repayment was arranged and now they tell me that I have to send the thing back first.
I can probably not do anything for the fact that the chest of drawers arrives at me completely distraught
Please see in the screenshot what the colleague wrote
There it is clear and clear that the repayment was initiated and I still have not received a repayment by #PRS_ORG#
You can tell your manager that you have now lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered various furniture for our apartment via his account.
We're not going to do that anymore.
No, the defect appeared only after a few months.
An office chair must withstand normal use.
Otherwise you may not sell it as an office chair.
Regardless of this, the warranty is valid for 24 months.
No, it is not possible for me to get another type of packaging.
I will be able to dismantle the cabinet and make it available to the transport company in this way.
Good afternoon, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG#
These products are advertised with additional stools to be purchased, but unfortunately we can not find them with you.
Can you help?
Theme of the Week: The Best Low Budget Movies
What exactly is a low-budget film, there is no general definition with exact budget limits for this.
Wikipedia has the following to say about this:
>A **low-budget movie** or**low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
In the network you can find abundant lists of low-budget films, such as on Letterboxd.com .
Do you know any interesting representatives of this category?
What excites you about it?
And what might you not like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, I have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
Wanted to ask the best price for the gray leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is it reliable now?
Many thanks
Best regards
If there is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30min is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes in the waiting position...I'll give up again soon because it just doesn't work here.
Hi
"Half victory" against Belarus is associated with high costs for the EU
According to political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can declare a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
However, the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees on Belarus" border with Poland and Lithuania, Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
According to the researcher of the Berlin Foundation for Science and Politics (SWP), the EU has not solved the confrontation in a sustainable way.
This state of limbo - Belarus does not give up completely, but the EU feels like a winner - will probably continue for a while.
Bossong ruled that the treatment of people at the border was not in line with the European Convention on Human Rights.
Apparently, there is an "increasing normalization of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole is not resolutely opposed, this is at the expense of fundamental rights.
This development also weakens cohesion in the Union.
"It seems that it cannot prevail if a Member State takes it into its head to do its thing," as is currently the case with Poland, which does not even allow the EU border protection agency Frontex access to the border.
In addition, the EU is paying another price for its policy on the border with Belarus, Bossong said: an agreement in principle on asylum policy will be made more difficult, since the line "Border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Another attempt to cross the border
According to Poland's border guard, meanwhile, migrants have again tried to enter Polish territory via Belarus.
55 migrants were arrested on Sunday night and returned to the border, a spokeswoman for the authority said on Sunday.
The Polish officials had been pelted with stones by the migrants in the incident not far from the village of Czeremsza.
According to the information, a soldier was hit in the face and had to be given medical care by a military doctor.
In total, the border guard registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
Already on Friday evening, a group of 28 migrants had overcome the border barriers.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan have crossed the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months or tried to.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko, as the ruler in Minsk, of luring them with the prospect of entering the EU.
According to press reports, Poland and Lithuania sealed off sections of the border.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU commissioners travelled to people's countries of origin in order to prevent departures there.
The most effective element of the EU's response is pressure on airlines, Bossong said.
"The EU has thrown its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with hard bandages and extraterritorial sanctions".
Minsk must also take into account domestic political costs.
The Belarusian society is probably not prepared for the fact that the security apparatus regularly sends thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes protests after controversial Formula 1 final
According to Mercedes, Max Verstappen allegedly committed two rule violations during the race.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula 1 final in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has lodged an objection.
The silver arrows suspect two rule breaks in the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest refers to an alleged violation by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the last safety car phase, when he is said to have overtaken in violation of the rules.
A second appeal was filed against the classification at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not followed in accordance with the rules.
Verstappen had overtaken Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the last lap and raced to his first Formula 1 title.
The manoeuvre took place shortly after the end of a safety car phase in which the Dutchman had overtaken cars in front of him.
I'll check it out.
I'll talk to the bank and get back to you
thanks for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park organizes SC-Freiburg-Fantag
Europa-Park, the namesake of the Europa-Park Stadium of the Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited fans to the SC Freiburg Fantag.
As the park informs, members and season ticket holders of the sports club from the Breisgau as well as members of the fan community were allowed to visit the Europa-Park for free on this day.
In addition, there were vouchers for drinks and sausage.
The roller coaster trains shone red and white through the jerseys that day.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop,"says the park.
The cooperation between the Bundesliga club and the amusement park located in Rust, 40 kilometers north of Freiburg, has been in place since the early 90s.
At the first SC Freiburg Fantag in Europa-Park, it was again shown how well the partnership fits.
Seeing bright fans having fun together in the roller coaster confirms this," says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
why is this €#NUMBER# and not €1699 as originally?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen did it.
The Dutchman clinches his first World championship title in the Red Bull in his seventh year in Formula 1.
His way to the top of the premier class:
Abu DHABI - 2012, Italy: Verstappen gambles the Kart World Championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen leaves him upset at a gas station on the way back.
His mother Sophie Kumpen collects the teenager in the car behind him.
2014, England: The junior team of Red Bull gets promising offspring in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old is thus following in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
At the time, he was still racing in European Formula 3 for the time being.
2015, Australia: Verstappen starts at the age of 17 years and 166 days as the youngest pilot in history in a Grand Prix.
Due to a defect, he has to turn off his Toro Rosso in Melbourne ahead of schedule.
2015, Malaysia: At 17 years and 180 days, the then Toro Rosso driver Verstappen is also the youngest racing driver to score points in Formula 1.
Verstappen takes seventh place in Sepang at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
2016, Spain: In his first race for Red Bull, Verstappen immediately wins.
At the age of 18 years and 228 days, he sensationally becomes the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history in Barcelona.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his pole premiere in Budapest - he is not the youngest.
At the age of 21, he leaves behind Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
At the age of 24, Verstappen celebrates his first world championship title at the Formula 1 final in Abu Dhabi - with an overtaking maneuver against Hamilton in the final lap. dpa
I already had a lot of trouble with #NUMBER# when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# dresser.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim"
As part of the reading series "LiteraTour Nord", author Judith Hermann read from her current novel "Daheim" on Friday in a sold-out Blue Note and also acted as a presenter.
She is divorced, lives in a house on the seashore and listens sensitively to the nightly sounds at her front door.
i gave up the contact form yesterday to return an item, but did not receive an email confirmation or similar.
My question would be whether my request has been received.
Not everyone has the time for their crazy chat and incorrectly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake you fix and not all of our household.
Contact Ms. #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day
We had chatted yesterday and agreed that I or Ms. #NAME# will receive an email with a 60 Euro voucher, a new order of the #PRS_ORG# bedside table and a return label.
This e-mail has not arrived yet.
The package would like to bring to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
Best regards
The LokSound 5 decoder can play up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bit / 31250 kHz and finally offers Hi-Fi quality on your system.
There is practically no difference to the original is audible anymore.
A Class-D audio output stage with up to 3W output power drives the speakers, which may have an impedance of between 4 ohms and 32 ohms.
The huge 128 Mbit sound memory provides enough capacity.
All individual sounds can be individually adjusted in volume.
The super-flexible sound engine without a rigid schedule allows the model-accurate simulation of all conceivable rail vehicles.
Three separately adjustable brake functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry, but just because he says he's not an anti-Semite doesn't mean anything.
It's like when an afdler says he has nothing against foreigners.
Neither of them will admit it.
But Kollegah constantly reproduces any anti-Semitic messages.
If you want to distance yourself then you should just leave it completely.
Wow, then you are just as little serious as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions the evolution in principle is simply completely lost.
Because of me, a God set the whole thing in motion.
But as soon as you are a creationist, you have to believe that the Earth is 10,000 years old and science is just nonsense.
And so you are an enemy of science and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah
To obtain an optimal field of view, the magnifying glass should be approached as close as possible to the eye.
The specially designed aplanatic-achromatic lens system allows you to use the magnifier virtually distortion-free and color error-free right up to the edge zone.
Magnifiers are often marked with magnification information.
However, these specifications only apply to precisely defined conditions that rarely correspond to the conditions of use.
In order to be able to use your magnifier optimally, we ask you to observe the instructions in the table "Technical data" (see instructions for use in the packaging).
Light reflections are produced on the lens surfaces of all optical devices - i.e. also in the case of impact magnifiers.
These reflections are significantly reduced by an anti-reflective coating.
If the optimal conditions of use are observed - the magnifying glass is close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the enclosed instructions for use (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Magnifier Credit Card Magnifier Magnification Pocket Magnifier Reading Magnifier Reading Aid
Whether as a reading aid on the go or simply for the everyday little things: the Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And their hard layer makes them robust against special hardships in the old days.
Each magnifying glass comes with a credit card cover for storage and safe transport.
You are bidding on these parts, which you see in the pictures or is described under "What are you bidding on".
In what condition is the offered item?
Of course, everyone can overlook something, because no one is free of mistakes - if this is the case, just write a message and it will be clarified to full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial refund or complete refund).
You will receive a proper invoice.
Shipping is always, unless expressly requested otherwise by the buyer, insured with shipment number by DHL!
The individual shipping costs can be found in the shipping conditions above.
There are no additional handling costs.
ok say all uthorized, how can I check in more detail?
yes, both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do very nice and good service, although it took until you got to a person, they were great
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# Team,
I have already contacted you under the customer contact number #PHONENUMBER#.
yes, but it was called before.
They can not deliver from England because of #PRS_ORG#.
Christmas tree sales in Schönwolde: in the municipality of Krembz, women pick out the Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has already experienced some curious situations when selling fir trees.
Once a man even drove home without his partner, because both could not agree.
Every year he plants a good 2000 pieces for this.
The 56-year-old has already experienced some curious situations.
That always makes the pre-Christmas period a bit fun, he says.
And what about the voucher??
Otherwise I'm gone as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and now I paid the full price for it.
Then I will also evaluate this accordingly!
We do not need to have discussions about the better dish here, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat that is grilled on a rotating skewer.
And both have their names.
In German, an equivalent would perhaps be something like the "Dreher", which sounds far from so delicious.
Problems with fiber + Devolo dLAN/Magic
We have had a new fiber optic connection in the house for a few weeks.
Unfortunately, I am now having problems building a stable Wifi network.
Before that I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo dLAN, which received and sent out 50 Mbit perfectly except for a few failures.
The new fiber optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and they also arrive at the dLAN module, which is connected to the FritzBox.
However, the full 500 no longer arrive at the other dLAN module, which sends out the Wifi, but the further I go in the house with the module, the less arrives (i.e. use an outlet that is located 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module).
As a result, with the new fiber optic connection, the Internet is now even slower on the first floor than before (\~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which apparently uses a new technology.
This was slightly better than the dLAN, but there were similarly large losses here as well.
Could someone explain to me why so much Internet speed is "lost" over the power line with fiber optics?
And is LAN really the some solution?
It would be extremely expensive to still lay LAN cables in the house.
I'm really desperate, which is why I created an account here.
Therefore, I would be all the more pleased about an answer.
When it's time to change the current account
Anyone who would have thought that now there would be peace of mind with the current accounts for the first time, is mistaken.
While many banks have used the autumn to get their customers to confirm the fee increases of the past with all sorts of tricks, the allowances for negative interest rates are also falling further.
Deutsche Bank, for example, was long considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she has just halved the allowance and even quartered it for the daily allowance.
In a first step, the limit was lowered only for customers of the Group division Postbank - to 50,000 euros for current and investment accounts and to 25 .000 Euros for overnight deposit accounts.
In the meantime, however, these lower allowances apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesman confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for "newly made individual agreements with existing customers".
Commerzbank had already previously gone down to a limit of 50,000 euros, which is still valid, as is the case with ING Deutschland.
The direct bank DKB, which is particularly popular with cost-conscious customers, has reduced the allowances in two stages, initially to 50,000 euros, and now to 25,000 euros.
After all, according to figures from the Internet portal Verivox, more than 100 banks now have an allowance of 25,000 euros or less.
The Sparda-Bank Berlin has also arrived at 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the consumer centers, which in the first instance even got right against this regulation before the Regional Court of Berlin.
Now the banks are already discussing whether the institutions should possibly make provisions - in the event that the higher authorities also declare the negative interest rates inadmissible in principle and many millions have to be repaid to bank customers.
The table top was delivered for 8 people instead of those for 6 people.
The base is the one for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs a whole army of beauty
She is now officially at the top of Hollywood.
But their life is like a journey up and down.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was voted the most influential woman of the year by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter".
For her, who made a splash in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show", this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and work.
Their appearance is taken care of by a whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers.
After all, according to Aniston, treat yourself to one chip a day (yes, that's right: a SINGLE chip from the bag).
The fact that the hearts of female and male fans still fly to her equally is actually a miracle.
Perhaps because she is simply unlucky with luck - and is still looking for great love.
And removed the baby wish from the list.
Before, she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
That hurt her.
The people who asked this have no idea what's going on with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
Let's hope that success and fame will also make you happy.
Unworthy end of a career: Raikkonen has to give up
Kimi Räikkönen's departure from Formula 1 was even quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a slight gang contact, Raikkonen had to turn off his Alfa Romeo at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after less than half the race distance.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, the "Iceman" ends his career in the motorsport premier class.
His wife Minttu and their two children had also travelled to the United Arab Emirates to say goodbye.
Räikkönen's greatest success was winning the 2007 World Championship in a Ferrari.
He managed 21 Grand Prix victories, started from pole 18 times and finished on the podium 103 times. dpa
Friedrich holt 60th World Cup victory - Nolte wins in two-man bobsleigh
The mark of the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 achievements is the goal of the bobsledder.
"I calculated that once, I would have to win nine and a half victories per season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who recorded two successes in two days at the races in Winterberg.
Only on Saturday did he repel the attack of Johannes Lochner by five hundredths, in which he went from third to first place.
Then he changed the material setting a little and took a bigger lead with 0.30 seconds on Sunday.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle) he prevailed over the British Brad Hall.
Third was the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
"We took a bigger risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also recorded his 22nd win in a row.
Johannes Lochner from Berchtesgaden, who is driving for Stuttgart, came fifth this time after second place.
Christoph Hafer from BC Bad Feilnbach finished eighth after fourth place in the first race.
"If I knew what he was doing differently, I would do it the same way," Lochner said.
Nolte wins home podium for Jamanka
In the women's category, Laura Nolte took her third win of the season in the two-man bobsleigh on her home track.
After it was only enough for fourth place in the monobob the day before, she raced to World Cup victory on Sunday at the German triple success with pusher Deborah Levi.
Two-man bobsleigh Olympic champion Mariama Jamanka from the BRC Thuringia came in second place with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
In addition to her Olympic qualification, she recorded her first podium place this winter.
The Wiesbaden-based Kim Kalicki finished third with Leonie Fiebig.
For me it was super cool, first podium place in the World Cup, I'm super happy that Mariama is taking me with her.
I am super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the start times today were okay," said Burghardt and stressed: "It's not just pushing, but there is also a lot to do around it".
Jamanka was a little annoyed about the not entirely error-free trips, but said: "It's going in the right direction".
I already had the blanket in my shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What do you want me to do?
I just did not receive it and therefore could not redeem it, which is why I finally asked.
Due to Corona, I had completely different problems last year and never had time for it.
And now it was said that he had expired, which upset me very much.
Look in the chat it was about the Asare bench.
I want to return it and then order it again, since it is just reduced :)
Why is shipping not started until 16.3.?
There was nothing about such a long delivery time on their website
No, only when I tap on it comes an extra field with the message
It was taken by your colleague yesterday.
Why is this a problem today
I also sent you pictures of the would be delivered incorrectly.
But we still want the shelf module, just a new undamaged
And do not cancel the whole order.
Just this day, just this week, just until XY...
Hello dear great girls and girls and women,
I have a lot of things I just want to write and maybe one or the other will be like that...
I am 24, have kPTBS, full-time student and dog mom - apart from the fact that my dog does not scream or goes to kindergarten, he is actually 1 to 1 my child.
My friend (together since 6Y) is sick, got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
Yesterday I visited him because I also have emotional needs and because I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him with the shower (because hand is in the bandage wg burn).
On top of that, he is chilled and we are currently seeing each other less (1-2x week), which makes me very difficult with my needs for affection and love.
My dog child just has a stomach ache, I cooked for him and now he is lying in his cuddly blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there for him with the heat lamp and stroking.
I live alone with my sister and my mother, and she's just gone for a month.
Now we also have housework to do, which of course we split up.
But even cooking is a lot of work for me right now...
My PTSD disease is quite well adjusted right now, I am reasonably well treated and I am coping.
Not good, but I manage and am almost symptom-free.
My university is demanding a lot (for me) right now, tomorrow at 15h I have a written test for which I haven't done anything yet and the day after tomorrow anatomy lesson for which I should at least prepare something.
And next week I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes next is on my calendar and not in my head because there is no more room.
So my week goes like this: only until the day after tomorrow, then it's weekend.
But after that the whole thing goes on?
Just until my birthday.
Only until the start of the holiday.
Only until the weekend.
Just until...
And so it continues forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need these mental clues, because otherwise I'll grab the ned.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic", but I can't do it any other way...
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I'm infinitely grateful that I don't have to work.
I am so thankful, I can't put it into words.
I don't know if I would have survived my kptbs otherwise.
I think this also has a lot to do with mental load of women and that's why I thought to myself that I'm sure to find fellow sufferers here...
In any case, I wish you a relaxing evening, the week is almost done!
I received my order Today unfortunately the whole other color plus surface is scratched and table leg has imprint.
At the first delivery, the color was exactly the same as on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
If we change the table now, will I get another color or what?
The email for cancellation was sent on 26.12.#NUMBER#.
By the way, two times.
But it has not been confirmed.
Something completely different: I noticed at school that many religious teachers do not believe in God and it is just another subject for them like math or geography.
For me it was always a bit strange, maybe also because I was raised Christian and I always somehow believed that way.
How do you feel about that?
Maybe you can also tell about work and or study colleagues with different attitudes.
Basically, I understand the difference between private and professional and it makes sense to separate.
There is also a curriculum, etc.
But it would also be strange to have a physics teacher who does not believe in the theory of relativity.
What makes you want to teach religion if you don't believe it?
Culture or something?
Hope your question is not too private.
Can it not be changed or not?I like to write in English I also understand that well
That's been a very long time, then I would refrain from it
It's good, thank you.
I expect a response soon, at the latest by the beginning of next week.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Movie search help please
Hello dear people,
i'm looking for a movie from my childhood (I'm 24).
I think it was a movie for teenagers.
In the film there are two time axes (or parallel worlds).
On the one hand, the modern (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the realm of the dead)(not quite sure).
Since I can not describe it in more detail anyway in the real world there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead a young soldier (uniform similar to that of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason, the paths cross and an action arises.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman into this realm in order to be able to live for himself, I mean.
The passage is, I believe, also the burial place of the soldier.
In the end, I think both soldiers are fighting against each other.
If this tells you something, I am grateful for any answer.
Our little one has only slept on her stomach since week 1.
Fast forward: still alive :D
Relax.
Such a child endures much more than you think.
Make sure that everything around it is right, no cuddly toys, go in and look more often, but no minutes of surveillance.
That makes you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Oh, and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always had a blanket.
Watch your child when he is sleeping.
Does it turn its head to the side?
Can it straighten up a little from the stomach?
Or is it lying face first Directly in the mattress?
From this you can deduce whether everything is in order.
We all grew up and when my husband was born, it was common practice, for example, to put the kids on their stomachs to sleep.
In addition, we are already a "regular customer" with you and have already bought a lot of items
But then why are you only offering me 20EUR?
Hello, I have already written yesterday with a colleague of yours and so far no feedback.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived the day before yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer does not fit in the cabinet.
Please contact me as soon as possible.
The cabinet is currently not to be used in this way.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV has promised a lot.
And yes, I know for myself, not everything can be held.
And I also had a lot of fun with RBTV.
But it just so happens that the politics of this channel is now under everyone's nose.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then go on a big begging tour at the same time.
It was said that one was an "independent" Internet broadcaster.
Quote Arno: You don't want to be a "running advertising column".
What is one now?
An 0815 advertising channel that tries to bring its BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marahs Do's & don'ts.
Which, of course, apply to everyone, except Simon and Etienne.
Of course, they can continue to offend people.
A Krogmann who completely lacks empathy and tries to make ashes at the expense of the action with the exploded rented rooms.
How to find all this good?
Great if you like it, I think it's terrible.
I ask for a call back, because my delivered wooden table was delivered defective.
Body breakage caused by damaged delivery of the #PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a comforter for a stomach ache or just for cuddling – my little warm friend can be used in many ways.
Cherry stone pillows are a traditional home remedy for soothing heat applications, as cherry stones can absorb heat very well and release it back in a dosed manner.
The removable inner cushion can be easily heated in the microwave or in the oven.
The soft cover makes the application particularly pleasant, so that the little ones feel safe, even if they are not feeling so well.
The cherry core cushion with cover is only suitable as a heat pad for the following areas of application:
Before heating the pillow, check for atypical odor, stick or burn marks and, if present, immediately dispose of them.
Please remove the inner cushion from the cover for heating beforehand!
In the microwave at max. 300 Watts for max. 2 Minutes (Observe the microwave manufacturer's instructions!)
Immediately after heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking!
Then put the inner cushion back into the cover.
During the first heating, there may be a slight formation of moisture on the surface, but it disappears with repeated applications.
Be sure to follow the indicated heating instructions, as longer times or higher energy outputs can lead to damage (risk of ignition and combustion!).
Before heating the pillow in the microwave, check that heating of grain products is allowed in the manufacturer's instructions for use.
After the heated inner cushion has been put back into the cover, please check the temperature of the cushion for suitability for babies (max. 43 °C) check on the bend of your arm!
Do not use the pillow for acute and chronic, inflammatory or febrile diseases, circulatory disorders, fresh hematomas, bruises and open wounds, as well as for people with reduced pain sensation.
In the case of existing skin, heart, veins, diabetes or tumor diseases as well as pregnancy, please consult a doctor before use.
If seams have opened and loose cores are leaking, dispose of the product and the loose cores immediately and out of the reach of children.
If the product is used in babies under 1 year of age, the child's temperature should be checked regularly during use to exclude overheating!
All serious incidents that have occurred in connection with the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country in which the user is established.
The cover is removable and machine washable at 30 °C.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt finished second after the first series - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 is working its way out of the table cellar.
For Ingolstadt, things are not going well even under the third coach.
Jubilation in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top game, joy in Hanover over interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the unsuccessful debut under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Last night my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was no longer charged by my power supply.
I bought this one about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought, power supply alone is also enough for operation.
Incorrect display, the battery is empty and the laptop no longer starts despite the power supply being plugged in.
Then I removed the battery, but nothing happens here either.
Do you have any ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in mains mode?
Is there something else broken?
Thank you for your help!
I would like the delivery of the #PRS_ORG# to the room.
How can I book this?
i am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
I don't know how high the seat is.....
Often on tour and still have a lot of equipment with you?
No problem with the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design!
With a capacity of 20 liters, even larger photo equipment can be easily swallowed, which can be safely stowed away with the help of the padded FlexFold dividers.
And what else you need in everyday objects remains well organized and separable from the photographic equipment thanks to practical accesses in the individually configurable interior.
With the ”update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The chic, minimalist design literally has it all - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack and still grant access to the photo equipment in a matter of seconds.
This works with two options: One is conventionally via the lid flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch closure system, an excellently thought-out solution for effective protection, which has already proven itself with the messenger bags.
In the closure flap there is a metal closure hook with matching anchor beams on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different "fill levels": there are 4 anchor beams, stably riveted, into which the locking hook can be hooked.
If the backpack is fully loaded, you just take the top bar, it is rather empty, a deeper one.
Flap closure and hook are also magnetic.
Thus, the backpack can also be reliably closed without locking the hook.
The second option also fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other photo backpacks: in addition to the lid flap, there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest disadvantage of conventional backpacks with access from above - you no longer have to dig through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail increases the everyday suitability of the backpack enormously: if you take not only your photographic equipment, but also everyday objects or luggage with you.
In the Everyday Backpack, you can configure the interior individually (more on this below) and thus store both separately from each other without any problems - and also access them independently through the two side openings.
So you can also pull the backpack from the right side in front of the body, for example to access the camera equipment in the right main compartment, while the everyday things stay safely in the left half of the backpack and do not get in between.
Comfortable, easily adjustable risers help with this.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made entirely of 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents remain dry even if it is supposed to go to Scotland in the fall.
Unfortunately, I am waiting in vain for the email from your support.
#NAME# sent me an email yesterday confirming the order of the
Contact has been announced by the forwarding company for the collection of the incorrectly delivered table.
So far I have not received any message.
I ask for immediate processing.
I am already writing with the third support employee, with none I got further than the promise that I will receive an email as a confirmation.
This is the return of the wrong delivered custom #NAME#
Is it possible to predict when the cabinet could be delivered again?
Keeping him like that is not an option for me...
It works.
Thank you very much for the help
Have a nice evening
hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. when will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was on 12.1.21.
I was supplied with a completely different lamp than I ordered
Please call me
If you extend the voucher to me, then I will immediately place a larger order, but at least I kept the damaged piece of furniture and did not send it back.
And I couldn't have guessed that the past year was different from what I thought and I just couldn't redeem and clarify it in a timely manner.
But I have the damage as a customer and I do not accept that.
Rotinger brake discs are designed for the demands of the dynamic driver, who appreciates reliability and safety when braking even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are made of cast iron and then mechanically machined (drilled and cut).
All tuned discs are produced in short series according to individual technical characteristics, which are peculiar to certain discs and patterns.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing, a special manufacturing program is created, which, with the balancing of the disk, is based on the characteristics of the original assembly.
The tuned discs made in this way ensure high comfort and braking effectiveness.
Additionally created openings increase the effectiveness of the cooling of the disc, with the incisions improving the cleaning of the brake discs and brake pads.
The aesthetic properties of our tuned windows underline the character of each car with their attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man discovered glowing chunks in the water at the southern fork of the American River.
Although he tried to keep his discovery a secret, the news spread quickly, triggering the so-called “California Gold Rush” of ‘49.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest growing and thriving cities in the country.
Areas were staked out, tents pitched, and saloons and hotels sprung up almost overnight.
Everyone wanted their share of the country's wealth.
For many, it was called: “Coloma or Bust" (Coloma or bankrupt)!
In this game you are a pioneer who is looking for wealth in the West and wants to make a name for himself.
You will search for gold, recruit workers, round up horses and build businesses.
You will also get the opportunity to explore the surrounding rivers and adjacent areas.
You are not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You need to surpass your pioneer colleagues, so as not to go broke with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many paths to victory.
You simultaneously choose your actions, have to budget with your resources and build a tableau that “works” more and more for you (so-called “engine building”).
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, get additional promotions, or turn rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can develop your individual playing style with the help of fine adjustments.
Coloma takes place over a period of three years from 1848 (the year in which the gold was discovered in Coloma), over 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) to 1850 (the year in which California gained official statehood).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players will secretly and at the same time choose a location on the game board where they can perform actions.
After that, your selection will be revealed and you will place your pioneers on the appropriate sites.
If a site has the most pioneers, it gets a lock!
This deactivates one half of the location - which reduces the possible actions there.
Then players take turns performing actions such as gaining resources, moving wagons, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening shops and positioning gunslingers.
When all the actions are completed, the pioneers return.
The advertiser turns to a new location at the beginning of each round and thus changes the available promotions.
This continues until the advertiser has moved five times, i.e. has covered each location once and the year ends.
There is a shootout in which players will have to defend Coloma from a raid of angry bandits.
If the players have contributed enough gunslingers and outnumber the bandits, they will receive rewards.
However, if you fail, you will get lower rewards or end up in the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shootout, then the final scoring takes place.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free shipping, I use the shipping method, shipping of goods up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm (games enclosed).
For everything else, mostly DPD insured and with shipment tracking (games fixed, wrapped with flies and wrapping paper).
If you are a collector, then I can also send cardboard in a cardboard box for an extra charge of 2 euros, which there are 100% no printing places.
"Why children are not bullies" Documentary, ARD Mediathek
CW psychological violence, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentary appeared in my Twitter timeline today, and I watched it right away.
>The child psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a welcome guest on talk shows and gives lectures throughout Europe.
With his book "Why our children become tyrants" (2008), he sparked a fierce educational debate.
Former patients and guardians are now making serious allegations against him.
​Please take care, the film is hard to bear.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
It must never, never, never be allowed to us parents and other responsible persons! to go to power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child space for his development and to make the framework for the child as large as it is meaningful and possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shaking.
Holetschek: Länder advise on the elimination of the test obligation for triple vaccinated
The health ministers of the federal states want to decide at their next meeting on a nationwide abolition of the test obligation for triple vaccinated.
"We countries need clarity quickly as to whether and from when the test obligation can be dispensed with for three times vaccinated," Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Health Ministers' Conference, told Bild am Sonntag.
The elimination of 2G plus for triple vaccinated people is "not only medically useful, but also provides an additional vaccination incentive," said Holetschek.
Federal Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised "that he will make a proposal to the Health Ministers' Conference on this as early as next Tuesday". − Reuters
So I want to send the lamp back
What is the best way to proceed?
Hello, I think the #PRS_ORG# chair is very nice, but I can not see how high the seat is.
Can you help me?
I can no longer process a purchase via my #PRS_ORG#.
Display: Oops, an error has occurred.
Shopping is done via the #PRS_ORG# page on the computer.
I have updated my account details.
What could be the reason for this?
What you describe is called *awareness*, i.e. sensory perceptions under general anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of about 1 in 1000.
Most often, it comes to hearing sounds / voices, less often to seeing pictures and most rarely to perceiving pain.
Relevant for this topic: Caesarean sections are operations that are accompanied by an increased rate of awareness, since a very deep anesthesia is avoided to protect the child until Abnabelung.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned during the anesthesia interview.
Certain anesthetic procedures, such as total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA), are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear everyone, this comment of mine describes awareness correctly, but **u/Nitemarex ** had none by definition.
I misread your comment.
The chair is defective.
Unfortunately, the 20 € will not help us either.
These are statutory warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be that you take back the defective chair.
In addition to the legal obligation, this is also a standard in the field of eCommerce.
Please check again if you at least take back the defective chair.
We then sell the second chair privately.
We also lose a lot of money.
I have already sent you an email that you have not answered.
Again, the question.
The order and the invoice state that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The carrier is company #NAME#.
I just called there.
I was informed that they only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is that so?
If yes, I have to cancel the order because I don't know a person who can carry the heavy furniture to the first floor.
am I not being called?
I had formulated a question
Theatre historian Günther Rühle died at the age of 97
He has distinguished himself as a theater critic and as an artistic director.
Later he wrote a monumental theatrical history.
On Friday, Günther Rühle died at the age of 97.
There is still the new book on the table, freshly printed: "An old man is getting older".
The harrowing diary of a slow farewell to the world, which the theatre historian and journalist Günther Rühle led until April 2021.
And in the middle of the reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book is: "I am already testifying to my gratitude for life here".
There are several types of pallets.
One of the most common are euro pallets, standardized wooden pallets, which are mainly used as load carriers in Europe.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to Statistics Austria, more than ten million pallets were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was a good 79 million euros.
How many pallets are imported to Austria per year is not collected
New York clinches MLS Championship for the first time
New York City FC won the Major League Soccer title for the first time.
After a 1-1 draw in the regular season against host Portland Timbers, the team from the Eastern Conference decided the final in a penalty shootout with a score of 4-2.
In the final of the Eastern Conference, New York defeated Philadelphia Union, the team of the German Kai Wagner.
Rouladen Tips & Tricks
I had a lot of great tips here a week ago for the perfect goulash.
It was there for Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and tender!
So thanks again for that :)
Now I have come to the taste and want to cook roulades for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will set up a beef fund for this.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a large pot.
What's next?
What about the books or how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English is not so good anymore, but I can do it
IIt is about a refund of €#NUMBER#
I was already informed by e-mail on 18.01. that the refund was made.
But to this day, the money has not been received by me.
Would you please check there.
Where there is still Christmas roast in the Lübeck area
For many people, goose or duck is one of the Christmas days like the fir tree and the gifts.
You haven't bought any poultry yet?
Now time is running out.
We will tell you where you can still get a Christmas roast in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube power amplifier contributes significantly to the warmth and fat content of the guitar amplifier sound.
These features are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME control, you can adjust the desired level on the one hand and the distortion content of your sounds on the other.
Furthermore, the amplifiers of the VT+ series offer a unique POWER LEVEL control, with which you can reduce the sound level without changing anything in the "gain" and distortion.
Above, it already sounded that you can even make a power reserve afloat with the POWER LEVEL control if it gets outrageously loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL control, the entire potential of the VT+ series can be used in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line output.
The signal present here is processed with a box simulation, so that you get an eminently "acoustic" sound impression even when using a headphone or direct recordings.
A CD or MP3 player can be connected to the AUX jack, so you can jam to your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also buy a VFS5 footswitch, you can also conveniently call up the sounds by foot, turn on / off the effect blocks and "tap" the tempo of the compatible effects.
For live use, this is actually indispensable.
With its new power packs, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But I had seen it that way with others.
Is there a way to send the lamp back to you?
Since she hangs too low for over a dining table?
So I would like to send them back then.
Can you help me with this further?
And the dresser?
Will we receive an update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs
If it is not possible, I would also be satisfied with a discount or voucher.
I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Only about 1.000 euros for goods that I do not need are then a bit much.
I have just received my delivery and would like to know if screws were provided as part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) on the provided hook.
This is not a satisfactory answer and the waiting time was not worth it
Is there a premium customer status with you?
Iran sees progress in negotiations on nuclear deal
According to Iranian sources, progress is being made in the negotiations on reviving the international nuclear agreement.
"Both sides are on the verge of agreeing on the issues that should be on the agenda," Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri told Irna news agency on Sunday.
This was a "positive and important development", because initially there was not even agreement on the issues to be negotiated.
The agreement is intended to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks on reviving the agreement continued after a break of almost a week.
Negotiators from Iran, Germany, Great Britain, China, France and Russia are taking part in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also on the ground in Vienna, but only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia now overtakes Saxony - Free State as the federal state with the highest corona incidence
Thuringia has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest incidence in Germany.
As the only federal state, the value is above the mark of 1000.
Thuringia is the only federal state to have exceeded the 1000 mark in the corona incidence on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day value with 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which has always had the highest incidence in Germany, this value was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia had decreased slightly, but had also been above the value of 1000.
In Thuringia, 2242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 other deaths related to infection were reported within one day.
200 people seriously ill with Covid-19 received intensive medical treatment in hospitals on Sunday.
There may be delays in reporting on weekends.
In addition, the health authorities have been overloaded for weeks and are hardly able to keep up with the recording of new cases.
I understand that.
Since the delivery will take place only at the beginning of March, it may be possible until then.
I have to print this out and stick it on the package and hand it in at the post office, that's it, right?
I don't have to click/specify/fill in anything else here?
That's exactly what I want to avoid, that's why I'm writing to you.
I would like to take over the return at my own expense.
8 euro return fee is a cheekiness in my eyes.
It's time for change
###MBundestag greetings, I am u/StratorDE in the Plenary Hall in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#Why the post here?
If you look at the activity in the past months of the Federal Day, you can see one thing: it is not extistent.
We got into a winter freeze and extended the summer hole to a few months.
#What is the problem?
Yes, what was it about?
For the most part, this may simply be related to dissatisfaction with how some things have gone here and how we are generally standing.
In recent days, the impression has become increasingly clear that many here are really still up for the Federal Day.
#What we need to change
At this point, the community around the MBundestag is in demand, which wants to keep it alive.
The impetus came from u/edizVEVO, who has become aware of this project in recent days and has found, simply put, a pile of shards.
After some writing back and forth, several people from the community have found themselves who would like to rebuild the project.
However, I would also like to once again expressly call on everyone to participate, this is the only way this project can continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a discord server on which we can exchange ideas with each other and work out concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Targets:
* How should the MBundestag work in the future?
* Which existing orders need to be changed / adapted / removed?
* How should we present ourselves to the outside world in the future?
* How should new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair electoral system?
I'm pretty sure that I forgot some things, but that's not bad, we have the Discord at the end.
If you have the desire and time, come to the Discord, work with us and let's make a democratic decision about the future.
I have ordered a lampshade from you, which is still being delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/chunky for that and not suitable for my taste.
For this I have already ordered another suspension from you.
I put it together and then noticed this when I took the soft foam.
Very sad about this.
I hope this is returned and I have a full refund.
This is also quite sad, since the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
i have another question: the bedspread #PRS_ORG#, is it also available in plus size, so in 240/240 for example?
#PRS_ORG# must be able to guarantee me that the faulty cabinet will be picked up promptly.
And I ask you to arrange that now.
I don't have a suitable packaging, but I will remove the cabinet as far as possible for collection - you have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how this can then work.
#PRS_ORG# can contact me by phone at any time to arrange a pick-up date.
Is there a manual for the assembly?
How long would I have time to get these or to decide for the return?
How do you answer the question why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I like.
She herself has lived a vegetarian life for a while, and probably rarely eats meat at the moment.
I myself was a vegetarian for a few years before.
When asked whether I have always wanted to be vegan, and vegetarianism was a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without much thought.
And that I thought for a long time that I would support animal welfare as a vegetarian, but at some point I reflected and understood that I was ultimately also supporting animal cruelty.
Hence my decision to become vegan.
At that moment I had the impression that displeasure arose on her side, she then defended vegetarianism and said that she knew where her meat came from and that as a vegetarian you reduce animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer was too "clumsy"?
How do you answer the question?
I have the feeling that as a vegan you are quickly put in a corner and conflicts arise, without which you would put it on.
Greetings from a harmony-loving vegan (;
This is clearly not an exception according to § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not release you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I am not on site at the assigned date when #PRS_ORG# picks up my return.
Unfortunately, since I can't be there for a funeral, this can't be changed.
Can I please be assigned an alternative pick-up date.
From 01.02.#NUMBER# I can be found again all the time.
Lahnstein Weir equipped for water rescue: 45,000 Euro grant from the state
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior Roger Lewentz handed over a grant of 45,000 euros for the new water rescue equipment truck of the Lahnstein Volunteer Fire Brigade to Mayor Peter Labonte at the Lahnstein Town Hall.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in service since November 2020, amounted to 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in security.
I am pleased that the State of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this," says Lahnstein's Mayor Peter Labonte.
The equipment trolley is used by the Lahnstein diving squadron, one of a total of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and under water, they perform tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, increasing use is expected in the long term: the boom in hotel shipping on the Rhine and Moselle as well as the continued increase in the use of the Lahn as a leisure river contribute to this.
I bought a book that I could only read 10% of and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
I followed their recommendations, but I synced, removed and reloaded the app NOTHING worked.
I'm a little frustrated because the whole action has already cost me a lot of time and now I'm hoping for help.
Okay, that's it.
I would like to order 3 items from the collection of #PRS_ORG# by June.
Can I enter an appointment in the ordering process?
According to the ANSI / PLATO FL1 standard, the previously mentioned values are determined in the Fenix laboratory at 21 ° C ±3 ° C, 50%-80% humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values may differ depending on the flashlight used, age and environment.
*: The burning time in the Bright stage contains the burning time with reduced brightness due to overheating protection.
2) Dealers are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the dealers or distributors from whom they have purchased Fenix luminaires for warranty support with the 'Warranty Card' of Fenixlight Limited and either a commercial invoice or a receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts necessary for the maintenance of our luminaires.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix will replace a new product within 15 days of purchase due to any manufacturing defects if problems occur during normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
If the model has been discontinued, customers will receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers free repair for lamps within 5 years from the date of purchase if there is a problem during normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
With the exception of the products and accessories listed above, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited Lifetime Warranty: For luminaires that have exceeded the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifetime repairs, but charge a fee for parts.
The dealer will inform the customer of the cost of the part before repair.
4) Warranty Certificate: Customers request after-sales service from Fenix dealers or distributors by presenting a completed Fenix warranty card, purchase invoice or receipt.
The distributor should offer services to the customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover any damage or failure caused by:
any defects or damage caused by improper operation include, but are not limited to, operation that does not comply with the warranty or the instructions in the product specification.
For example, the product specification describes that the sealed head should not be disassembled, as this may damage the flashlight and invalidate the warranty.
Any defects or damages that are due to other behaviors cannot be adequately controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type / model of the warranty object, serial number.
First of all, thank you for confronting the whole thing here, I also spent almost a decade in the civil service in a similar activity, that is, we were also gun carriers in the executive branch, I don't want to go into it any further!
I always find the question of right and left very simplified.
In principle, however, one should say that of course the civil servant comes rather from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, that should actually be clear to everyone.
Of course, it should also be clear to everyone that these people can then of course deal with the lived reality with difficulty, of course, because of course, in addition to the average white, you now have many Germans with a migrant background, women and homosexuals (and I don't mean the overly feminine stereotypical gays, because there are rather less or not at all in the executive branch, but quite normal men and women who you don't notice if they don't tell you) and you can also look at these people and do I have to leave myself, because in case of doubt they will save your life or use it for you.
But even if it sounds strange at first, in my experience, these marginal groups also represent a conservative attitude, i.e. they are proud of Germany and feel rather less picked up by exaggerated left-wing politics, even if this policy supposedly advocates for them or thinks they have to do it right, but they just want to be treated quite normally.
Back to the right, since of course the police and the armed forces are also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme right-wingers there, but the fact that they are allowed to openly express their opinion there or even openly make any plans that endanger the state is completely exaggerated in the media and also annoys me.
Of course, it happens that especially policemen and soldiers who have often been deployed abroad often start to generalize due to negative experiences and sometimes say things that are controversial or politically incorrect.
It also happens that there are certainly right-minded people meeting who engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, something like this is well combated and counteracted with political education and enlightenment!
Germany is so internationally entangled and that's a good thing in my opinion that we could not afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks at all!
yes, what I do not understand, I also ordered the other basket on the German side.
Why would this come from England?
When I ordered, it was not sold out.
I already ordered in November.
but it was confirmed to me in your confirmation of the order
It is still about my order, which is no longer available.
I've been chatting with #NAME# before.
Alternatively, you could still deliver the other #PRS_ORG # basket for #NUMBER# Euro in black to Germany or is this basket also available somewhere in Germany.
I always find only you as a partner company.
but at the top of the edge of the wooden part there are two deep notches, which were filled with something yellow
and on the mirror itself there is a small scratch
More orderly by child?
Hello, I (w32) have been busy with one thing for a long time.
I am very disciplined and organized at work (I am self-employed, very little free time), but all my life I have been getting it more bad than right to keep my household clean and tidy permanently.
There are always phases in which everything stops, and now and then it grabs me and I clean up and clean.
But it is actually never so "that someone could come spontaneously to visit".
My husband is (unfortunately) no better, it bothers me somewhere, but most of the time household just loses against work and displeasure.
The kitchen is cleaned most regularly because we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to become more orderly with child?
We don't have one yet, but we are working on it and this question has been bothering me for a long time.
Because for me I have no incentive, it just doesn't bother me so much, as long as there is no visit and, for example, fresh clothes are always there and the kitchen can be used.
Do you have a greater incentive with a child or do you stay sloppy?
I look forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, high-quality and anatomically preformed cut, offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus allows almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Preforming with special, wide embossing on the joints for improved freedom of movement (on arm and squat bends)
For the Focea Comfort 4, the Flex System 2 has more than doubled the area covered by the Flex System in order to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels on the joints reduce friction (armpits, arm bends and squats)
High-quality preforms in the lower back and crotch ensure a tight, perfect fit.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar region increases the flexibility around the back zipper and thereby improves comfort, especially when bending down and when mounting and applying the equipment to the surface.
The Free Flex Zone, which is located around the shoulders and on the back, guarantees increased flexibility in movements of the arms and back.
Fireskin is a warming, water-repellent material with a special surface structure, which offers a high degree of cold protection.
Positioned on the chest, it brings heat to a sensitive area of the body.
Seamless, thin (-2 mm) seal on the face on the hood increases comfort, sealing and durability (separate hood)
Soft zone located in the collar improves the sealing with a finely adjustable width adjustment by means of a flexible, gentle Velcro fastener, which does not stick to the lamination or to the seams
Double cuffs with zipper on the arm and ankle joints connect a reversible inner cuff with a soft, laminated neoprene outer cuff
45° indentation at the end of the inner cuff for increased elasticity and resilience when tightening.
Long zipper on the neck with an Elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on the jumpsuit without hood
Long G-Lock P back zipper (jumpsuit without hood) with metal slider and integrated Water Dam system for improved sealing (Beuchat Patent)
Zippers on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements on all ends of the zippers to prevent tearing in case excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels glued flush with outer and inner overlap
Edges of the outer cuffs hemmed for greater resilience
Notched edges of the inner cuffs for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system was designed to fix the computer in place, especially during deeper dives (the system is compatible with all common wristband computers)
Career in social work - as someone with a self-insecure personality disorder?
I did an apprenticeship in the field of software development and have been learning for about a year now.
Unfortunately, I am realizing more and more that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been thinking for a long time about starting anew and studying social work.
The problem: I have a self-insecure (or fearfully avoiding) personality disorder (ÄVPS).
Roughly speaking, this means that I have no self-esteem and, accordingly, I am shy.
I have no problem talking to people on a factual level, but it is very difficult for me to have casual conversations and I have been told many times that I seem unapproachable (although I think that has already gotten better).
Can I become a social worker like this?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth meeting, but rather in addiction counseling or family help, for example.
But I don't know if the concrete everyday work is really as I imagine it, and it is difficult to find something on the Internet.
The ÄVPS is already causing problems in my job (for me, emotionally), because it pulls me down every time there is something to complain about my code ("the simplest things are fucked up again") and it is difficult for me to ask more experienced colleagues for help ("I really should know how to do this myself by now" / "I keep him from work with my stupid questions" / "he must really consider me to be low-income" etc.).
The problems I will probably have in every profession but I wanted to have it mentioned at the point.
Have you got the sofa back yet?
Because there was no confirmation of this either.
I am waiting for an appointment for pickup
What do you mean by giving back please !
If I have downloaded a book to the #PRS_ORG#, the message Your #PRS_ORG# does not authorize this book
are there any problems?
I was chatting with #PRS_ORG#, he asked me if I got a delivery confirmation for my closet.
In its gastrointestinal tract, the bird breaks down the protein (protein) ingested with the food into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) and uses these in turn to build up its body's own protein substances, which it also needs for plumage formation.
The formation of plumage in the nestling and the formation of new plumage in the moulting bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high stress for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, otherwise there may be disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this curative administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral supplement) should be resumed.
In its gastrointestinal tract, the bird breaks down the protein (protein) ingested with the food into the individual protein building materials (amino acids) and uses these in turn to build up its body's own protein substances, which it also needs for plumage formation.
The formation of plumage in the nestling and the formation of new plumage in the moulting bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high stress for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, otherwise there may be disturbances in the breeding process.
Following this curative administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral supplement) should be resumed.
1 g of NEKTON organic on 250 ml of water or 100 g of soft food.
It is advisable to prepare only as much drinking water / soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change water / food daily.
One coated measuring spoon (enclosed) corresponds to 1 g of NEKTON-Bio.
In the case of severe plumage damage, a double or triple dose of NEKTON-Bio can be given at the beginning, until the approach of plumage formation is visible.
After that, the normal dose is given until the new plumage formation is fully completed.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry without sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Please excuse me, but the chair is sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months ?
The warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
This is really very bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to let you know that my order arrived damaged and pictures were attached.
Have you received this email?
Statement of a municipal employee in opposition to the Articles of association
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
i have the following problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
So the application is submitted to the municipality.
An employee writes to me that the felling of fruit trees and thus also the walnut is not part of the articles of association.
In the statutes, however, the walnut is explicitly stated as a tree to be protected.
Can I now rely on the employee's statement or not?
On the one hand, I have to be able to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statute is clear.
Thank you for your answers
We understand that.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I have not received a message
Well, then I still have a sofo without use.
Could you offer me a discount or a voucher?
What were more expensive?
yes, I think so, the only question is whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check that?
Breaking news: Serious traffic accident near Selb
Recently, a serious traffic accident occurred on the St 2179 between the junction Selb-Nord and Plößberg.
As the press alarm of the police currently informs (14:03 clock), a car got into oncoming traffic while overtaking.
There are casualties.
Ah okay understand.
Well, then thank you again for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
First of all, Merry Christmas to you!
Unfortunately, my Christmas is moderately good, because my dear head is just thinking about everything that can be thought about.
Before I get out of here now.. in short: I need advice and best of all from people who somehow know my situation - that is, from you.
I'm currently doing the ref as a lateral entrant.
Originally I studied something else and also worked there in one area (in order to remain at least a little anonymous, I will not name anything more precise here).
But the whole thing was too boring for me and I looked for alternatives that could be more fun for me.
At some point I ended up in the teaching profession and I was sure that it is - even if the framework conditions are much more inflexible than in my previous profession, but I didn't care.
I have now arrived at the third "I google other job postings".
And it's only been around for half a year.
With the paintings before that, I always decided to continue and at least finish the ref, after that I can still swing around.
But I'm absolutely finished right now.
I have had so little free time in the last month that I am completely exhausted.
It's a holiday now, but there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref, I always thought I was stress-resistant, but then my weekend was also my weekend and my after work was my after work.
I was free then.
And the stress at work did not matter in the moments.
Now even the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures, which additionally annoy me.
Basically, it's fun and from the outside, the ref is also doing well in terms of feedback and stuff.
But I'm completely exhausted and wonder how much stress my body can withstand before it shuts down completely - if it's not already doing that.
I wonder if I would like to have this for the rest of my working life - especially if I read some of your posts here - or if I shouldn't go back to the old area, where I was valued, could take my free time when I needed it, and found the work somehow boring, but was paid appropriately for it and worked together in a team and not as a lone fighter as is now the case most of the time.
But then I wonder if in a year I will not have arrived at the same place again as now and I am dissatisfied.
You notice, it's all kind of confusing, but maybe you as an outsider have advice or ideas on how I can get out of this situation, that I'm completely finished and almost start crying at the slightest thought of it.
I'm not going to make decisions so emotionally right now, that probably doesn't lead to anything good.
But maybe your views will help me to see at least a little light at the end of the tunnel - or to be able to enjoy Christmas, that's enough for me for now.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whiny undertone of mine.
I hope my situation has become at least a little clear.
Since its introduction in 2001, VOX's Valvetronix series has been constantly evolving, which has led, among other things, to the combination of advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly recreates the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X amps, we present a brand new modeling engine that is absolutely state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to the Virtual Element Technology (VET) technology, which is based on the analysis of the components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers come up with an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also contain the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamplifier.
This is partly based on real analog circuits, because they simply manage the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier better than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuit, the VTX amplifiers offer a closed housing and a bass reflex system, from which the natural resonances are just bubbling.
With VOX's "Tone Room" software, you can even correct and bend historical facts on the virtual level until the amp and effects sound as you have always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been refined several times since then in order to also meet newly added sound requirements, which led to a performance boost of the VOX Valvetronix series again in 2010 - with more dynamics and more numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series has also been designed in such a way that all guitarists looking for maximum sound diversity will find it here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: they expect a fat sound, a nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string attack, as well as a prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that the power amplifier in particular determines the tube character of an amplifier and developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology based on this finding.
The Valve Reactor circuit of each VT+ amplifier, equipped with a 12AX7 tube, perfectly reproduces the behavior, subtle nuances and sound character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Despite 20 points from Wagner, Magic lose to Clippers
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it's not enough to win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually placeable and foldable Velcro dividers, it is tailored to the needs of your photographic equipment and is therefore suitable for any type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-frame SLR cameras.
Of course, what will ultimately fit in the backpack depends on the size of the camera and lenses.
A possible configuration would be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses and a clip-on flash.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models of the Sony a7 series or a Fuji X-T2 still leave room for additional lenses.
In addition, you can store a lot of accessories.
And if you have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E-Series), you can use the backpack for your equipment and for non-photographic things.
Drone pilots also make an optimal choice with the Everyday Backpack 20L, because the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably the longest in history
In the almost three months since the beginning of the eruption, the lava flows on the Canary Island have caused great damage.
Is there an end in sight?
With a duration of now 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma since Sunday is the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary Island.
Until now, the eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585 was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa with 84 days.
There are no reliable data on previous outbreaks.
The activity of the as yet unnamed volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has decreased somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists still did not dare to predict when it might end.
The indicators indicate a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable, " the president of the island council, Mariano Hernández Zapata, told the state TV channel RTVE.
Millions in damages
In the almost three months since the beginning of the eruption, the lava, which is more than 1000 degrees hot, has destroyed almost 2900 residential buildings and other buildings, as RTVE reported.
Almost 1200 hectares were covered by a meter-thick layer of lava.
This corresponds to almost 1700 football fields.
More than 7000 residents had to be evacuated, the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Off the coast, two new headlands with a total size of about 50 hectares were created by cooled lava.
The banana cultivation, which is immensely important for the island, of which about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly, and which was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption, was severely affected.
225 Hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, other areas were severely affected, wrote the newspaper "El País".
Christmas and the Gifts
Christmas is just around the corner and especially the children will not be able to wait for the heavenly feast.
The many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree have something seductive about them, combined with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling tension.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still hold our increasingly divided society together.
It is therefore all the more important to become aware of the Christmas tradition of giving, so that the gesture of giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss was a peace-making "social contract of primitive peoples", escapes from rigid routine and can be filled with life again in the context of this tradition.
How Nicholas became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who closely linked the Christmas days with giftgiving.
Previously, on St. Nicholas Day, gifts were presented to each other in one way or another.
The background of this custom, which is still popular today, is that St. Nicholas, as bishop of Myra, secretly threw gold into her window to three women in one night in order to spare them another life of sin.
From this unconventional way of giving, the custom, popular in Germany, of filling the boots with gifts, especially of the children, emerged.
Protestants clashed with this custom, because they reject intermediaries between God and people as "veneration of saints".
For these reasons, they keep themselves safe from the institution.
Martin Luther made St. Nicholas the Christ Child and thus founded a new line of tradition.
The focus of the gift giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
However, since most Protestants no longer see such detailed questions so narrowly, it only upsets the least that the custom of St. Nicholas is still an integral part of the pre-Christmas period, similar to the custom of St. Martin with St. Martin's Singing and St. Martin's procession.
Today you can find everything your heart desires in boots in front of the door and under the Christmas tree, from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources prove a tradition of giving gifts since the 13th century on the day of St. Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of gift giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
In all Christian countries, however, there is a cheerful muddle over the question of who brings the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the respective region whether the Christ child appears on Christmas Eve or Santa Claus, who in principle is a kind of Santa Claus, to whom some peculiarities have been assigned over time.
These include, for example, his white beard, which has little in common with the rather strict Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sleigh pulled by reindeer and the preference of the fireplace to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, St. Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain, the Magi give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the Child Jesus.
In Scandinavia, mythical creatures sometimes bring gifts, while in Russia it brought Father Frost some fame.
Here it is not reindeer, but three horses that pull his sleigh as a troika.
In the Czech Republic, the motherland of the Reformation in the course of the Hussite wars, the Christ Child is responsible for handing over the gifts.
I have been receiving this error message for 3 weeks, when trying to download a new book, but my account details and contact details are up to date:
Please for troubleshooting help, as I
otherwise, buy another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
i requested a return label for my order #NUMBER# last week and this morning.
I was told that one will be sent to me.
Since I haven't received one yet (not in the SPAM folder either), I wanted to ask now how long this usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near Royal Palace
An armed man was shot dead by police near Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police said callers reported a man believed to have gone into a bank and a bookmaker's shop with a gun.
According to the authorities, the man fled in a vehicle, which was stopped by officers a little later.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
Several embassies are located in the area around Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
which one?
No matter where I click, I will be redirected to your page immediately.
The decorative lamp fits harmoniously into any flower bed, garden area or rock garden.
The lamp is easy to set up and can be anchored in the ground with 2 ground skewers.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar module for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Lighting time max. 10 Hrs.
- The robust plastic version can be used outdoors all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is usually menacing objects from distant galaxies that glow with color inside.
On the other hand, "Smart Stone" is quite harmless: the sun alone ensures that this solar lamp shines fascinatingly – either in white or colored light (in six different shades).
The edgeless, amorphous design was deliberately chosen: this modern light object presents itself like a naturally shaped large pebble by day.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment - whether on the edge of the terrace, in the lawn or in the stone bed.
It also does well in the vicinity of larger pebbles and boulders, where it knows how to assert itself thanks to its size.
You can save yourself a lot of preparatory work: as a solar light, "Smart Stone" requires neither a supply line nor batteries.
Place the "luminous stone" in any place illuminated by the sun during the day.
Two supplied ground skewers provide a firm hold if necessary.
The matt white plastic cover itself is robust and weatherproof.
Its solar module discreetly hides "Smart Stone" inside, together with its battery and two LEDs – one for white, the other for colored light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight falls on the case.
When dusk falls, "Smart Stone" starts to glow automatically; in which color, you decide for yourself: you can choose from six attractive light colors – in addition to daylight white.
Finally, the switch-off also takes place automatically as soon as the battery charge level has dropped to a specified minimum or it becomes light again.
As soon as the sun shines again, the charging cycle starts all over again the next day.
I have done this several times, it does not work.
It's a pity, I would have liked to continue ordering from you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, then I will no longer order on principle.
If you change your mind, let me know.
Otherwise, this was the last contact today.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
No hardware store has opened in lockdown anyway.....
The engine control of the LokSound 5 has been fundamentally improved again.
A variably adjustable PWM clock frequency from 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super quiet operation, especially for bell armature motors – the typical "hum" is a thing of the past.
The load control can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function allows the decoder to be automatically calibrated to the motor.
The LokSound 5 decoder with up to 1.5A motor current provides enough juice even for older motors.
- please use the Ebay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are summarized correctly.
- You will receive an e-mail with the parcel number for tracking.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT for each new product purchase from the specialist dealer.
- we usually process your order or request within 24 hours on working days.
The pill problem
Hello dear Weibsvolk,
I hope I'm doing everything right here, after a year reddit is actually my first post.
About my problem: I started taking the pill again about five years ago, mainly because I had such incredibly bad pain during the period and shit PMS before the period.
Now I would like to let this stay again, because I have to take enough medications due to chronic diseases that I can not choose for myself.
My main problem, surprisingly, not the pain, but my skin.
I had gotten explosive pimples from 0 to 100 during my last break of about two years and they were everywhere.
So far so superficial, but it really weighed on me and I didn't feel comfortable.
In the two-year break, the whole thing has never really returned to normal.
Maybe someone has some tips to avoid this this time.
My cosmetics are already fragrance-free and without gedöns, but maybe there's something that someone can recommend to me.
Unfortunately, the gynecologist did not take me so seriously and the dermatologist's appointment is still coming.
Many thanks to everyone who has read the novel!
Yes, the dear skin is such a thing.
Had pre-Bupertär bad neurodermatitis, then a period of rest, then extensive nodular lichen and the acne issue.
I also tried everything possible in the course of chr. disease and got stuck on sugar, milk and low-meat mixed food, because nothing else worked really well.
It may also be good that the worm is simply hormonally in there, but if you have a construction site everywhere, like me, you also prefer not to go looking for what else is going wrong.
I already had everything from her colleague semina or similar.
And now I have lost the conversation and do not know what was answered to my request.
I always have to work and answer the phone in between and suddenly everything was gone...
what is there to check, if the money was there, I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but is it generally available in large
since it is available in black
The Zappiti 4K HDR Series - The best movie experience ever!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for the best image quality, excellent performance and the best possible user-friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you convenient and intuitive access to your entire movie library in stunning 4K high-definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti players are successfully used all over the world to improve the movie experience, both in the home and in a commercial environment.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the most advanced 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video file formats, full BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with a billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and features a wide, solid case, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best possible home cinema experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers outstanding image quality - far better than the previous generations – with improved dynamics, precise color representation, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or a front projector, you will be amazed by the image quality of your display!
3D also provides better image depth and impressive immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote control.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or AirMouse (not included).
Network playback: Special network optimization that guarantees better performance when playing over the local network, regardless of the type of media, thanks to SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100.
Universal RC: Seamless integration into smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much, since I've been waiting for it since September.
Now nothing works anymore.
My account is apparently blocked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that use the products specified above according to the manufacturer or user manual.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist dealer in toner production
All listed company and brand names as well as all mentioned type designations are the property of the respective legitimate manufacturers and rights holders.
Their mention serves only for orientation and to make the compatibility of the goods known.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
Which vouchers???
I had not received my voucher at the last order!
In the name of the people: lay people make judgments with
In the courtroom, they sit on the judge's bench in everyday clothes.
But a lot depends on your judgment, even if you don't wear a robe: juries determine with professional judges whether and how long someone goes behind bars.
Two of them report in conversation with the "public" from their time at the Bad Kreuznach District Court: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the district court on John-F.-Kennedy-Straße.
Hello, unfortunately I can not get into the customer account.
Could you please send me the invoice from the order number #NUMBER# again to the above e-mail address?
Can we dispose of the packaging material?
We have no way to store them for so long.
We would use the table as offered by you as if it were our
with pleasure,I already had in nov.ordered the same armchair in blue and also get it.therefore, because they are so beautiful now they have a gray
Does the cabinet have to be completely dismantled for collection and refund?
and when would the pickup be?
110 kV underground cable will be newly built in 2022
The approval for the laying of the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally binding.
The planning approval decision of the Government of Lower Bavaria clears the way for construction, which is scheduled to begin in 2022.
This has now been announced by the network operator Bayernwerk.
The approximately seven-kilometer-long underground cable will connect the Tann substation in the north of the municipality and the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable is connected to a mast of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning,
my order from 03.01.21 with the order number #NUMBER# has so far only arrived in parts.
The blue Betsellnummer:#PRS_ORG# with the tracking number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the note "Delivery not possible".
All three other packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me what the next step is?
Have a nice start to the week!
You can forget that, I have already explained that several times yesterday!!
This is a chest of drawers made of glass and the entire sides have burst open, so there is glass everywhere and the cardboard is broken
The dresser is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to come to the apartment because of the #PRS_ORG# regulations
This means that the chest of drawers can not be picked up, because no one is allowed into my apartment
Thank you for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it is with all books, so yes, the request is with #PRS_ORG #, because it is probably a general problem
Ref: Planning lessons (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I have been at the Ref since summer, teaching is fun for me, but I currently still have big problems planning my lessons in geography in a time-efficient way.
Unfortunately, my school is not technically well equipped at all, so in principle I can only use the blackboard, the textbook and an OHP as a medium.
At school, I can also only copy b/w for free (which is annoying for geography).
It takes me a long time to plan my classes.
For example, we are currently doing the topic of geofactors and for me, actually, every hour stands for itself.
In principle, the methods are always repeated, but on the other hand, I don't want to invest too much time even for simple lessons (I also need them for UBs, etc.).
When planning, I always start from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build this up (usually I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school does not have).
We have the book Terra and I am rather dissatisfied with most of the tasks in the book.
Hence the worksheets.
Maybe a geography teacher can teach me how to work with the book in a time-efficient way.
I would be really happy.
i would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I have actually already decided on a new one at #PRS_ORG# but I would like to process the return as soon as possible.
The trade fears about the Christmas business because of the 2G regulation.
In most shops, only those who have been vaccinated or recovered are allowed to go.
The trade considers this unnecessary and complains of sales slumps.
He also has a possible solution ready.
From the point of view of the Handelsverband Deutschland (HDE), the 2G regulations are spoiling the important Christmas business for retailers.
HDE Chief Executive Stefan Genth criticized sales slumps in transactions with items of non-daily use.
According to a recent HDE survey of 1,100 retailers, more than 70 percent of companies viewed the remaining days of the year negatively.
Many have already written off the Christmas business.
"What was supposed to be the positive highlight of the year is now often a hole without a bottom," Genth said.
Retailers with 2G access restrictions lost almost a third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
Things are only going well in the food retail trade and in the online sector.
The association called for consequences from the dramatic development.
Shopping with a mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the chief executive.
"2G shopping will not help us in the fight against the pandemic," he stressed.
The current regulations deterred customers and required high personnel deployment.
The ribbon regulation must be approved nationwide, he demanded.
After that, each customer only had to be checked for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) once and would have access to all shops on that day with the ribbon received.
In addition, random checks should be sufficient in retail - as already in public transport with the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested).
Deutsche Euroshop, a real estate group specialising in shopping centres, also spoke of a difficult Christmas business.
Most recently, the frequencies were at a good 75 percent of the pre-corona level without 2G, while sales were around 90 percent.
These figures will now certainly fall in the middle of such an important Christmas business,"said CEO Wilhelm Wellner of the "Wirtschaftswoche".
Due to the high personnel and administrative effort, the centers are trying to find solutions and get them approved.
This includes the so-called ribbon solution, in which "visitors, for example, can provide their 2G proof once at a central location in the center and then - equipped with a bracelet similar to a club hotel - can enter all shops undisturbed". dpa
i recently ordered the #PRS_ORG# and got it delivered.
The mirror has a scratch and there is also a mistake on the frame, which was tried to be concealed with a yellow filler.
That looks ugly.
I would like to give the mirror back and have already packed it back into the package and glued it shut.
How do I have to proceed for the return now?
The lamp is designed for dual balance, based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
The adjustment of the color temperature and brightness of the lamp is provided by a modern microprocessor with exceptional capabilities.
In addition to adjusting the brightness, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to manually set and save the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K.
Use the current settings in the flash memory.
A special feature of the controller, it is easy and intuitive to use.
The luminaire produces a very luminous flux with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The radiation angle of 120 degrees, which allows you to illuminate large areas at a relatively small distance, is excellent.
By the way, even in reporter situations in small rooms or short intervals.
You can adjust the brightness practically without changing the color temperature.
It is a great tool to work both on the film set or in the studio.
The optionally available DMX512 controller enables remote control of the luminaire in TV studios or when the luminaire is mounted in hard-to-reach places.
On the back of the lamp is the control panel, it consists of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
Furthermore, there is the slot for the NP-F batteries (not included in the scope of delivery)
The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To perform the settings of the individual settings on the memory slots, simply by pressing one of the memory buttons for a long time, it will be occupied and that's it.
The memory controller stores the current state of the lamp when it is turned off, so that when it is turned on again, the familiar situation is again - Very convenient when working in the studio, for example. the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with battery One of the biggest strengths of the DL3120 functionality results from the possibility of operation with inexpensive NP-F batteries.
These are often already in the possession of photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can fall back on existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check before the set whether the batteries have enough power - there is a battery tester built in - for each of the two battery compartments a value in the two display indicators (the left battery upper indicator, the right on the lower indicator).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply the headlight with power via the supplied power supply.
The construction of the headlight is very simple.
They have a 16mm sleeve for attachment as a connection, so you can connect directly to your photo tripod.
The inclination must be reliably adjusted by means of locking devices on both sides.
Care has been taken to ensure that the mechanical components are also of extremely high quality and are therefore also designed for durability and hard use.
In addition, a tilt joint is included in the scope of delivery.
It is great that a bag is also included in the scope of delivery.
So you can safely transport or store the lamp with all the accessories that you may still want to buy, without any problems.
It's a pity, I got it as a gift and it's too small :(
"Party we wanted to throw": Frankfurt celebrates after scoring a comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, Hesse, which had recently been winless twice in a row, were supposedly on their way to the next Bundesliga bankruptcy.
But then the SGE turned up, got rid of the frustration of a mixed start to the season within a good hour and won furiously with 5: 2. "It's amazing what the guys did today," cheered coach Oliver Glasner at DAZN and pronounced a "blanket praise to everyone who was there".
At the beginning, it looked like a new damper for the Frankfurters, who are now in ninth place and still behind their expectations.
Patrik Schick had given Leverkusen a 2-0 lead.
What happened next also impressed the SGE coach.
"How the players came back and showed a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I am incredibly happy with the performance we have shown and of course also with the result.
Defender Christopher Lenz, who was able to return to the field for the first time since the fourth matchday and his overcome muscle injury, also stressed the morale of his teammates.
"I think our mentality is incredibly big," said the 27-year-old, looking forward to the result, especially for the spectators.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
However, Glasner now wants to keep the focus on the upcoming tasks, but also sees himself well positioned with regard to the personnel situation.
It's extraordinary that we have all the players fit in December, that all the players are in top physical condition.
It's top work in our medical department, but the players also live highly professionally.
Now they want to "go step by step and remain modest" and "carry out the tasks at this level" until the turn of the year.
Next up is an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach (18.30, Sky) on Wednesday in the course of the English week.
I'm just getting the mail that my package is coming back to you due to an error on my part.
I tried to call at #PRS_ORG# and let it redirect, no chance.
Can it be shipped directly to me again or do I have to wait until the money is returned and place the order again?
Unfortunately for me, that would mean I won't order again because it has already taken a very long time.
Have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Dampers for women's handball before quarterfinals against Spain
Germany's handball women crept off the floor after the humiliation against Denmark with drooping heads and blank stares.
At the end of the main round of the World Cup, the DHB selection suffered a heavy defeat at 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and now has to face host Spain in the quarterfinals.
"We were far too scared and had too much respect for the opponent," said German coach Henk Groener.
We have to play differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round Group III with 8:2 points as second behind the Danes (10:0).
It is a pity that we could not take the flow with us.
That was a bad game from everyone, which we have to delete," said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight to reach the semi-finals, a significant increase must be made against the second World Cup of 2019 next Tuesday to keep the delicate dream of the first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German thrower in the duel with the three-time Olympic champion Denmark was backrower Alina Grijseels with six goals.
"We just weren't there - neither in attack, nor in defense, " admitted back-rower Xenia Smits and demanded: "We have to look forward quickly now".
Not at the height from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not on top with the kick-off.
Errors and technical errors in the attack and gaps in the defense were responsible for a quick 0: 4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately at operating temperature and prevented worse with some parades.
The first goal was scored by the DHB team after 9:30 minutes, when Grijseels successfully completed a quick counterattack.
However, this was not the hoped-for initial spark.
Against the aggressive cover of the Danes, the German women could hardly put themselves in the limelight - and if they did, they mostly failed because of the strong Althea Reinhardt in the gate of the Scandinavians.
So the game was early at 3: 10 after 20 minutes, especially since back-up player Mia Zschocke saw red a little later because of a hard foul on her opponent.
In the quarterfinals, however, she is allowed to participate again.
Only in the final phase of the first half did the DHB selection come into play a little better and by the break at least five goals had been scored.
The already only quiet hope for a catch-up after the change was already gone after seven minutes at 9:19.
Again, the Groener proteges sinned in all areas and made it easy for the well-placed opponent, who is one of the medal candidates at the final round.
As a result, the German team could not get up to an increase in performance and left the floor as a clear loser.
Day 6: Family traditions during the Christmas season
As part of the Reddit Advent calendar, we have got hold of St. Nicholas Day and are taking this as an opportunity to dedicate ourselves to family traditions in the run-up to Christmas, Advent, St. Nicholas, Christmas Eve and the Christmas holidays.
How was it at your home back then?
As with your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is the most beautiful for the children?
The boot cleaning?
Baking cookies?
Tree decorations?
Is music being played?
Is Santa Claus coming, the Christ child or is the gift from grandma and grandpa after all?
No matter how you do it, everyone makes an effort around Christmas to have it as nice as possible as a family.
Whether these are fixed traditions, or even something different every year: tell us how it went or is going on in your family!
please send me a transaction number.. or anything else that might help with this
Transfer confirmation... etc
i would like to give a voucher code
as with #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers
is that possible for you?
The title says I am a vaccination doctor in mobile vaccination teams, where (so far only) the BioNTech / Pfizer vaccine is vaccinated, especially in nursing homes.
Since these will soon be finished to a large extent, it will continue for me in vaccination centers after that.
I am happy to answer questions with no time limit on the organizational and human aspects and also medical questions, as long as they are not personally related to you (e.g. "I am taking medication X, is it compatible with the vaccination..").
My area of responsibility includes the education for the vaccination, the indication (a person is entitled to a vaccination according to the Corona Vaccination Regulations and no reasons that speak against it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, the emergency care for allergic reactions (never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, e.g. medical assistants.
In vaccination teams, however, we often have none with us, but "only" (for God's sake, no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for the preparation of vaccines, but who cannot (are allowed to) carry out vaccinations?), so that I also do most of the vaccinations there myself.
Difficult "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the solution
What is a "Huidlerer"?
With this dialect word, sent in by an Amberger, the BR television program "Wir in Bayern" has caused a lot of thought.
But unlike on many previous days, the term remained in the series "Host mi?" this time, unsuspected by the callers.
No, it was not a "person who is nervous".
And also no one "for whom everything has to go quickly".
This, people heard from the TV presenter, was completely wrong.
Whereupon the man from Amberg shared the solution and thus probably also caused astonishment among many Upper Palatines.
"The Huidlerer", the spectators learned, "is a rag with which someone wipes the stove".
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, interviewed by Bavarian Television as an expert for years, confirmed this.
With the remark that this is a typical Upper Palatine term, derived somehow from the rather well-known vernacular word "Houdern".
Which closed a gap in education - probably also for some who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I haven't been able to buy books for 2 weeks.
The following error message always appears after confirmation: oops - something went wrong - try again later.
I have the #PRS_ORG# gel#PRS_ORG#n, restarted, connected to the PC, synchronized and repaired.
Nothing helped.
Tyre selection for road bikes - really so puncture-proof?
This morning I woke up full of energy, because I wanted to train at least a little in preparation for my bike tour in the coming week.
Said, done and I drove off with my road bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then what happened in every city center (this time: Thank you Krefeld!) lurking around.
Shards of glass on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tire did not want to join the rest of the track under any circumstances.
Since I had no real opportunity to get a spare coat and spare hose due to the day of the week, I had to turn around again in a half bad mood and take the first train home.
It wasn't quite so bad in terms of mood, maybe it's better if I practice changing the tires again before the bike ride.
But now I am faced with a question and I hope that you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long distance in front of me over several days, I would be extremely reluctant to get this problem more often.
Now it was really not bad, because even the old tires from the previous owner (very nice old man, tore off 120km on the day I came to pick up the bike until 14 o'clock!) and who had already described them as suboptimal, because he has been on a roll with them for several years.
But when I think that I still have to make a tire change when driving after 80-90kms, then I think I'm in a really bad mood : D
Now I got into conversation with an older man at the platform, who asked me in amazement why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tires; they should be flat.
Now, of course, the whole thing sounds very tempting.
But are they really that indestructible?
I have little desire to spend 40 € / tire now, only to be disappointed then.
Furthermore, I ask myself: I think I have 25x622 on the road bike at the moment.
They also exist (apparently?) for the Marathon Plus tyres, but most of them are already wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you generally advise me to use other tyres for a road bike?
The Schwalbe side seems absolute to me! Would you rather recommend the Durano DD?
Thanks in advance for the help and best regards!
Car crashes into tree, fatally injuring driver
The 53-year-old had crashed his car on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten for an unknown reason against a central island and then got into the oncoming lane, as the police announced.
There it came to a head-on collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The 53-year-old's car was then slammed into a tree and the man in the car was trapped.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the accident and taken to nearby hospitals.
yes, we have deleted all books, we have authorized everything new and loaded new books
Environmentally friendly: The products of MOTIP DUPLI are free of harmful metals.
The Group of companies strives to use formulations without regulated or questionable ingredients without influencing the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging are made of recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please recycle only empty containers.
Bring containers with leftovers to the problem waste site.
Labelling: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the current state of the labelling regulations.
The classification, classification, award is carried out according to GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EC in the currently valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EC, Article 31 and Annex II, in the currently valid form.
With many DUPLI-COLOR spray paints, spray protection and an break-proof closure cap prevent unauthorized use.
Observe the corresponding notes on the cap or label.
Always read and observe the care texts carefully before use!
Will I receive a confirmation by e-mail?
I have already been insured by your colleagues 3 times...how reliable is your information?
When will the shipping company contact me?
I already wrote,didn't you get my sms?
After the release of our new high-end broadband B 100- 6 OHM, it was only a matter of time before our SOLO series would also get offspring again.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offspring and is visually reminiscent of the great role models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, a suitably designed foot is included in this construction proposal directly in order to raise the loudspeaker to the correct listening position.
This has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adjusted in length according to the conditions at home.
In principle, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people for whom the maximum volume plays a rather subordinate role, but an exceptionally high level of sound should be achieved.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not able to produce such large sound pressure levels almost unfiltered.
However, this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, she appears remarkably mature and extremely impressive and accurate for her size.
Tonally, the SOLO 15 was tuned with a slight treble rise.
This is generally common in broadband bands in order to optimize the bundling that increases too much at high frequencies.
The SOLO 15 impresses with its very clear and fine sound, precisely aligned to the listening position.
Slightly turned outwards, the high-frequency range can be reduced and thus the sound picture can be made warmer.
Thanks to the point sound source, the positioning of the individual components of a piece of music in the optimal stereo triangle is razor-sharp and amazingly precise.
The reference-suspected extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM ensure a fine dynamics that is second to none.
The SOLO 15 not only complements our SOLO series, but also expands it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
As with all our kits, it is recommended to think about the final look of the loudspeaker at the beginning in order to plan appropriate changes during construction.
If, for example, you want to veneer the housings, the lowering of the loudspeaker must be adjusted accordingly, since the veneer applies material again.
After all the panels have been cut to size (e.g. in the hardware store), you should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base plate at the appropriate place in order to be able to carry out the cable there later without any problems.
With the help of a router, the loudspeaker opening in the front now follows, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can be used flush later.
On the rear side, this opening should be provided with a 45 ° chamfer in order to make the opening area of the loudspeaker chassis inside as large as possible.
The four screw connection points of the B 100 - 6 OHM get an interruption in the chamfer, as shown in the picture "Detail Chamfer".
Then you start with the actual construction of the box and place one of the two side walls on a flat surface in front of you.
The back wall, the lid, the front and the bottom are now glued onto these.
The three stiffeners should also be inserted and glued.
The stiffeners themselves can vary in material thickness if necessary, if you want to use finished strips from the hardware store instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
In the next stage of work, the second side is attached.
After this, all the plates of the foot follow, that is, the two sides, as well as the front.
By means of a suitable circular hole saw or a Forstner drill, the mounting of the openings of the bass reflex tube, as well as the connection terminal on the rear wall is facilitated.
Then a circular milling cutter is used to round off all edges of the actual box.
The top side of the footplate can also be rounded off with it.
Subsequently, the footplate is firmly glued to the base of the case and additionally screwed on with long wood screws.
This is followed by marking and pre-drilling (2.5 mm drill) of the screwing points of the speaker chassis and the connection terminal.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuuming / blowing out), you start laying the cable.
The easiest way to do this is through the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the rear wall.
The entire and unabridged cable is pushed piece by piece through the 8 mm hole in the foot to the terminal opening and let it protrude there about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the housing, the cable is led to the speaker opening and it can also be hung out there loosely.
The crossover is then prepared and used.
The construction plan of the crossover, as well as the corresponding connection plan can be found in the following document: Installation instructions Soft Solo 15.
If the crossover is installed and the connection terminal is screwed, the sealing of the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which has not yet been completely closed, follows.
Due to the 35 mm bass reflex opening and with a little skill, you can drip hot glue on the opening and close it.
Through the opening of the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp you can check the sealing accordingly.
Now the damping follows according to the description.
Then the B 100 - 6 OHM is connected and screwed in with the appropriate screws.
The polarity plays an important role here, so that the positive line (marked cable) must be soldered to the positive terminal of the loudspeaker (larger contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and plugged in.
For damping, a mat of the damping material is cut into two parts and loosely distributed in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex channel should be kept free.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered at the beginning of June?
> Hello to all,
> finally we can announce that we will be hosting the OSCAST again this year!
> For well-known reasons, it is unfortunately not possible for us to get more than four people into the studio, which has meant a higher planning effort and explains the short-term nature of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people per switch, so we will be watching the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We do our best to avoid delay or other problems.
But hey, it's still a pandemic – nevertheless, we will do everything we can to make the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
> It will start at about 0:30.
Get drinks cold, plan good food and get ready for a long but very interesting night.
The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee corresponds to 40% of the value of the goods....
I'm a #PRS_ORG# major customer so it's not a problem for me.
I just need a number or instructions on what to include in the package so that you can track it as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago... for 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
I honestly find that very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and order again for the better price or is there another way to get a credit?
In principle, I also think that children should not be expected to take on the role of parents for their younger siblings.
However, I think it is also good for older siblings to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Take a look, help out, bring the bottle, etc.
In this way they learn responsibility, help out in the family and are involved.
As long as they can still be enough children themselves, I don't see a problem.
If your K1 is busy on his own for a short time and he's OK with it, that's fine.
It's up to you to decide whether this is right for your children.
It's not like he's supposed to wrap K2 and accompany him to sleep for hours.
Legally, it's probably questionable.
Maybe that's where the psychologist's statement comes from.
Because if something should actually happen like a fire, burglary, earthquake, alien invasion etc. it would actually be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk you want to take is of course up to you ;)
Please help me to find the title of a book again!
I remember reading a crime/thriller a few years ago and I can still remember almost the entire plot, but I can't think of the title anymore, maybe someone here knows...
The story was about fear and treating it.
At the beginning of the story, an animal keeper commits suicide by dousing himself with food and going to his big cats' enclosure.
The case is taken over by a detective who, after a short investigation, gets in touch with his therapist, who runs a clinic where he treats fearful patients.
The inspector has a little niece who is also afraid (of fire) and ends up with this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is commissioned anonymously before each suicide to go to the scene of the suicide and document it and put the photos on the internet.
Anyway, it turns out that this therapist runs some kind of underground therapy group where the patients are implanted with a chip that suppresses a fear center in the brain and the patients end up facing their fears in the most extreme way.
(a woman jumps out of the window, another drives herself to her death on purpose)
This facing of fear is called "the fight" in the book.
At the end there is a big showdown in the clinic that had to do with a fire.
That's the rough plot I'm quite sure that the book was originally written by a French author.
If this plot is known to someone or even someone can tell me the title of the book, I would be very happy.
Oh dear, I don't have the password for the wifi available.
Have to contact my husband first.
But that can take time.
What steps do I have to take afterwards?
Is it also possible to get the price difference refunded?
Child, 4 y., splinter under the thumbnail
Child, four years old, has splinters of wood under the thumbnail (outside) along the entire length.
Tried to pull him out with tweezers.
Very difficult to grab.
Didn't work and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No more chances.
Tomorrow we go to the doctor.
All Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools are carefully inspected, tested and are subject to the strict controls of Bosch Quality Assurance.
Bosch therefore gives a guarantee for Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools.
The buyer's claims for liability for defects arising from the purchase contract with the seller and statutory rights are not restricted by this guarantee.
We provide a guarantee for these tools in accordance with the following conditions:
We provide a guarantee in accordance with the following provisions (No. 2 - 7) by remedying defects in the tool free of charge that can be proven to be due to a material or manufacturing defect within the guarantee period.
The guarantee period is 24 months, or 12 months for commercial or professional use or equivalent stress.
The guarantee period begins with the purchase by the first end customer.
The date on the original purchase receipt is decisive.
For all commercial, blue power tools and measuring tools purchased after September 1st, 2004 (with the exception of high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers and compressed air tools), the guarantee period is extended to 36 months if the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks of the date of purchase .
Battery packs and chargers as well as supplied accessories are excluded from this warranty extension.
Registration can only be done online at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
The registration receipt, which must be printed out immediately, and the original purchase receipt, which shows the date of purchase, serve as confirmation.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data to be entered there.
Excluded from the guarantee are: Parts that are subject to normal or other natural wear and tear, as well as defects in the tool that can be traced back to normal or other natural use, abnormal environmental conditions, inappropriate operating conditions, overload or lack of maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessories, supplementary or spare parts that are not original Bosch parts.
Tools to which changes or additions have been made.
Minor deviations from the target condition that are irrelevant to the value and usability of the tool.
The defect recognized by us as subject to the guarantee is remedied in such a way that we repair the defective tool free of charge or replace it with a perfect tool (possibly also a successor model) at our discretion.
Replaced tools or parts become our property.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Distance Selling Act, I have a right of withdrawal of 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
With the combination of digital decoder and sound module on one printed circuit board, we achieve dimensions of only 30mm x15.5mm and can therefore be installed in almost any H0 and 0 gauge locomotive.
LokSound 5 decoders are offered with all common interfaces and always come with an 11x15mm "sugar cube" speaker and sound capsule assembly kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a real multi-protocol decoder.
It can handle the DCC data format just like Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In the DCC format, 14 to 128 speed steps are just as natural as 2 and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders register fully automatically with a suitable digital command station.
It masters all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom®, the CV values on the main track can be read out with the appropriate central units.
Auxiliary registers exist for command stations that can only program CVs from 1-255.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speed steps with 255 addresses.
Three additional Motorola® addresses enable 16 functions to be triggered.
A built-in programming mode also makes reprogramming possible with the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol permits automatic registration with mfx®-compatible control panels.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes the Märklin® braking sections as well as ZIMO® HLU braking commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
Braking with DCC braking modules or with direct current is also possible.
In addition, it also stops with a Selectrix® braking diode.
An ABC automatic shuttle train enables automatic commuting between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analogue DC and AC railways.
After my voucher was no longer extended due to a complaint that I did not receive, I will return my order worth approx.
Remove #NUMBER#€ from my shopping cart and order somewhere else where customer friendliness is more important and I don't have to type my fingers sore to achieve anything!!
What should I do with this number then?
Because of Omicron: Johnson wants to promote booster vaccinations
Politics and science in Great Britain are getting more and more new omicron cases.
All qualifying adults in England should therefore receive a vaccination offer by the New Year.
London – British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to make even faster progress on the corona booster vaccinations than previously planned in view of the rapidly increasing number of omicrons.
Every adult in England should have the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year if at least three months have passed since the second vaccination, Johnson said in a pre-recorded video message to his compatriots on Sunday evening.
Previously, the target date was the end of January.
The British government will provide additional support to speed up vaccination campaigns in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
In view of the omicron variant, one is faced with an emergency, which is why vaccination protection urgently needs to be strengthened, said Johnson.
The good news is that the level of protection can be increased again with a third dose of vaccination.
"Get boosted now!" Johnson said.
On Sunday, 1,239 more omicron cases were recorded in the UK, bringing the total to 3,137.
Compared to the previous day, that was an increase of a whopping 65 percent. dpa
is the full amount refunded from the purchase price upon collection?
I support everyone introducing themselves with pronouns
I sent out an application.
Today I received an email invitation to an interview.
I want to reply to the email.
But unfortunately the name is not "Peter", but a somewhat more complicated name.
I googled him and depending on where he/she is from a cultural background it's either male or female.
**I have no idea how to write the email now.
Can someone help me please?
** I'm a foreigner and don't want to step on officials' feet.
Conclusion: everyone should introduce themselves with pronouns.
I have 5 books total.
4 of them go.
Only the one I bought today doesn't work
The chair obviously had a defect that was not apparent when it was sold.
How else can such upholstery damage occur after 9 months?
Tried first on the #PRS_ORG#.
But this has been working for approx.
14 days no more.
That's why I always bought the latest books via the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# but wanted to buy 8.
However, there were no more.
Now they are back in stock and I want you to add 2 chairs to the order please and charge me for that.
[CW] That feeling when I can't help.
Content warning: I'm going to write something about domestic violence in some detail here.
I just have to write something from my soul.
For professional reasons, I (21) come into contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence more often.
A topic that really gnaws at me and unfortunately occurs far too often is that many victims cannot be helped or think we cannot help them.
I'm well aware that we can't do everything and it's not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my job that move me more than when I can't do anything in such situations.
I see the bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in a private conversation, with the perpetrator far out of sight and hearing, I can't reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the usual social environment, fear of snatching the children out of it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes very close to tears myself, is that everyone is worth being able to live without violence.
I want all women to know that they don't just have to put up with violence.
I often wish I could help with that anyway... I know I can't.
But that never makes it easier.
Please, always remember, you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
"Arcane" on Netflix: What is the series good for "League of Legends"?
Lots of fantasy, lots of complicated names, a breathtaking presentation: "Arcane", the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, recently started on Netflix.
Why are we excited for the previously announced season two?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle of the MHP giants Ludwigsburg at the Merlins Crailsheim
At least the youngster Johannes Patrick was reliable.
Nothing again: For the second time in less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, looking back on the cup defeat at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim in early October, Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick said: "We still have a little anger in our stomachs".
But that didn't subside after the game - but increased again in view of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the basketball league.
Whereby the way of the performance was even more disappointing than the bare result.
A statistic should be mentioned as an example, which expresses the entire dilemma: The three-way quota was just 13 percent, 4 hits (all from the young Johannes Patrick) in a whopping 31 attempts - any questions?
John Patrick gave the answer: "We just weren't focused enough after the win at Tenerife and didn't do what we trained for."
To move the ball.
His opponent Sebastian Gleim reacted very differently: "To win a great game against Ludwigsburg for the second time," said the happy coach.
"It felt like it was in front of 10,000 people."
Only 750 visitors were allowed in the Hohenlohe Arena on Saturday, but they got their money's worth.
Not least because of BBL top scorer TJ Shorts, who scored 22 points and steered his team's game.
"The best playmaker I've ever coached," said Gleim.
While in Patrick's team even top performers like Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed across the board.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) did the giants prevent a total debacle and closed the gap to eight points after being 39:59 behind.
In addition to Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon also scored twelve points.
Fortunately, there isn't much time to quarrel.
Already on Wednesday (7 p.m.) the giants welcome the Skyliners Frankfurt, in front of a maximum of 750 spectators in Ludwigsburg.
We used to have a different email address, but I changed it.
Yes, I signed up a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We informed ourselves legally again and therefore wrote to you again.
We originally got in touch six months ago.
Always as if peeled from the egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He is able to inspire his audience with new interpretations of hits from the 20s and 30s.
He is currently on the road with the program "Guten Tag,liebes Glück" - if he is allowed to perform.
Actually, Max Raabe would have wanted to celebrate his birthday on the stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing will come of it.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - "by official order" to contain the corona virus.
Other performances planned for the Advent season also have to be canceled for the time being, as stated on the website of the singer, who will be 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January, the artists want to catch up on their dates that were already postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe sang a lot and enjoyed singing even as a teenager.
He studied opera singing in Berlin, and in 1986 he founded the Palast Orchester with fellow students.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of hits and chansons in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He has received many awards.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) - just like his successful album "Für Frauen ist das kein Problem" (2013) - reached second place in the charts.
He made it out of the niche and into the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, with his blond hair pulled back and etiquette in mind, Max Raabe has become an integral part of the current German-speaking music scene.
He has been on tour with the program "Guten Tag,liebes Glück" since 2020. dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It can be complemented with existing furniture and so we could check beforehand whether it matches the color
It still doesn't work I can only scroll the cover page but not scroll.
Federal Building Minister Klara Geywitz: Expropriation does not create a new apartment
The new federal building minister, Klara Geywitz (SPD), has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing groups, as demanded in a referendum in Berlin.
"Not a single new apartment is created with an expropriation, only the ownership structure changes," said Geywitz in an interview with the "Tagesspiegel" (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants security that their rent will remain affordable in the years to come.
Incidentally, a colorful mix of, for example, private landlords, cooperatives or housing associations is the best protection against the formation of a monopoly.
In Berlin, the coalition of SPD, Greens and Left Party wants to set up a commission of experts on how to deal with the result of the referendum.
However, if the situation does not ease, Geywitz did not rule out talks with the FDP in the traffic light coalition about further tightening of tenancy law.
The coalition agreement provides for a rent brake until 2029, a limit on rent increases in tight housing markets and the expansion of the rent index.
I will speak to the Minister of Justice to implement this as soon as possible.
If the rental market still doesn't ease up, "we will talk to the coalition partners about further steps," emphasized the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and after a few days I realized that I forgot the last step of the payment.
Unfortunately the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be back in stock?
Or will it ever happen again?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Voucher sounds great
Then I redeem it myself for the new order
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp ships in March, how long does the shipping itself take?
I've already cut my finger
This is an absolute disgrace
Tornadoes kill at least 100 in Kentucky
In a devastating storm system, numerous tornadoes have swept through the United States.
In Kentucky alone, there could be more than 100 deaths.
The pictures from there are reminiscent of a war zone.
Several tornadoes caused severe devastation in the United States on Saturday night and may have claimed up to a hundred lives.
The storms left a 200-mile swath of destruction in their wake, mostly in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor, Andy Beshear, said after a visit to the disaster area that everywhere the tornado went through, everything was gone.
Houses, shops, government buildings - just gone.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It's hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He expects up to a hundred deaths in the state of Kentucky alone, and the official numbers are increasing every hour.
Hello, I just saw that showcase #NAME# is sold out.
That's too bad.
Is it still in production?
Or has it been taken out of the range altogether?
Is it possible to order this showcase in another country?
until when do you register?
If the delivery cannot be made to my apartment, I have to cancel the order!
I understand that, but can I order the blanket that is in the shopping cart now and have it delivered to Germany?
I had returned an item or submitted a return using the contact form and wanted to ask whether it arrived or was being processed, as I had not yet received a confirmation.
Companies pay vaccination premiums and change advertising slogans
While the federal government continues to reject the proposals for a vaccination premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative themselves and are offering their employees cash premiums for vaccination.
They are in line with the social partners ÖGB and Chamber of Commerce, which today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination calls - based on the German model - should also increase the willingness to receive corona vaccinations.
He switched to a company he slandered about.
That doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Just wait and see.
It's been a year.
He obviously didn't sew himself into his old position and looked for something else.
You can too.
And that he didn't like you back then: well, it doesn't matter.
He didn't like his job either.
There are too many variables.
Please record the cancellation.
That will then be legally relevant.
I'm making a screen shot.
Hello - I am interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Is it also available in large 230cm?
In our online shop kitchenpoint.de we carry all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories.
We always check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new fully automatic coffee machine from Smeg brings freshly ground coffee into your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matt colors in combination with the matt brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG coffee machine with milk frother a design object.
In accordance with the reduced design, all functions such as grinding degree and water quantity, as well as the choice between espresso, americano, ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with just four buttons.
Thanks to the steam lance, coffee-milk and milk foam specialties can also be prepared.
Help with first own campaign
Greetings Boron!
I'm currently leading the adventure Across the Griffin Pass for a group of 4 friends and I want to seamlessly take my heroes into a campaign written specifically for the players.
We play DSA 5.
The big bow is made, the villains and their motivations written, the individual acts thought out and now I'm in the process of writing the introductory adventure and stumble over my own feet at the first encounter.
The premise is that the heroes are to bring a cart of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near Lake Thuran.
From there, the further action should develop.
A few miles from the village, a group of goblins are supposed to ambush the heroes and lure them into an ambush.
I want to give the player characters the ability to resolve the confrontation in a variety of ways: persuade, act, threaten, anticipate the danger, whatever the players can think of.
Group strength: 8 common goblins, 2 armed with spears, 6 with bows and sabers
If you don't notice, the goblins ambush the heroes in a ravine and flank the carriage in groups of three armed with bows, while two stop the carriage with spears.
If it comes to a fight and the heroes are defeated, I have two solutions
1. The heroes are all unconscious and then found and healed by the mayor's son, a half-elf.
The cart is gone, of course.
2. If a defeat is inevitable, this half-elf intervenes with two of his servants and comes to the heroes' aid in the fight.
The cart is still there, everything is great.
How appropriate do you think the deus ex machina of solution 2 is?
Is the encounter too much as a start to the adventure?
The group of goblins will play a crucial role later, so it's not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I wasn't expecting so many replies, especially so many great suggestions and tips.
I'm guaranteed to take many of your ideas to heart and now I have more confidence in my narratives again.
I disassembled the lamp again.
And put back together.
Sadly it still does not work.
So I would still like to send them back
Can you then send me the return receipts, then I can pack the lamp and bring it to #PRS_ORG#.
Save shipping costs and time - and protect the environment at the same time!
If you need more than one item, please only click on "Pay Now" once you have all the items in your shopping cart.
Combined shipping is automatically calculated and you get everything in one package.
This procedure saves you multiple purchases/payments and the environment is happy because no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel is consumed for the delivery of several packages.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule, we will send your shipment on the same working day if payment is received by 2:00 p.m.
So that your package gets to you as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is also on your mailbox and your doorbell.
Would you like us to send your package to a Packstation?
Then please select DHL, because only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL Packstations.
We will send you an email with the tracking number if you have selected DHL or DPD as the sender.
This means that you can check where your parcel is from around 10:00 p.m.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be pleased if you gave us a positive rating and awarded all five stars in the detailed ratings.
Should it ever happen that not everything has ended to your complete satisfaction, we would be grateful if you would contact us before you submit a review.
This is the only way we have the chance to do everything to make you happy.
We didn't do anything with the chair.
suddenly the crack was there
I just sat on it
Here the lower part, i.e. the part with storage space, was damaged.
Will everything be picked up again or just the storage space part?
I'm fed up with Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the course of the season the quality on German Sky has continued to decline, so I want to vent a little with this post.
First of all, the transmission was cut off in the middle of the F2 race today in order to start the F1 pre-reporting on time.
Although the schedule was far behind schedule due to the delayed start and the accident at the start, the last (planned) ten minutes and the championship decision (!) could still have been shown.
Apparently, however, F1 has priority for legal reasons and everything else has to be restricted, so Sky DE probably had no choice here.
Still stupid, especially since Sky UK broadcast the race to the end.
Nevertheless, a little praise: commentator Olivier Zwartyes did a good job of covering the difficult situation surrounding the serious accident.
Then the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher were again ignorant of the rules in F1, so neither of them knew that you can change tires under a red flag.
Although this situation already existed in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both only came to the conclusion that Verstappen could change the tires when there were radio messages to Hamilton on the subject.
At Sky UK and RTL, both commentators knew immediately that Verstappen had this opportunity.
I believe that such elementary rules should be known when commenting on F1 on a pay TV station.
It's also not the first guesswork as to what is now possible or required by the rules, both simply have constant uncertainties about the rules.
In general, I don't like Roos' artificial commentary style, but I admit that it's a matter of taste.
But seriously, I even like RTL's Heiko Wasser better.
In addition, there are constant silliness that both just make look unprofessional, like ordering coffee from the (equally clueless) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" by Ralf Schumacher.
The latter in particular brings a lot of unrest to the comment, which he obviously doesn't take seriously.
Last but not least, the advertising simply takes over at Sky, in the run-out lap Sky is the only broadcaster that goes into advertising, as you can hear on F1TV because only the German soundtrack has to do without commentary directly after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do that.
These two broadcasters also do less advertising in the training courses than Sky, and that as free TV broadcasters.
Although one must praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, that alone does not allow me to overlook the disadvantages.
The rest of Sky Sport F1's programming is also very poor and full of reruns.
Overall, Sky is really the worst German-speaking channel that broadcasts F1.
Apart from the advertising, RTL does a better job in the four races that they are still allowed to broadcast.
In any case, the grandiose F1 season is much less fun than it would be possible with a reasonable transmitter.
I would be interested in your opinion.
Here's to: #PRS_ORG# pendant light, brass and multicolored glass x 1
Hello, I have an item that was supposed to be delivered last week and it still hasn't arrived.
I have contacted the chat twice and so far nothing.
The first lady told me it will be sent out on Monday, the second lady told me yesterday that she will check and send an email and she never replied.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on 12/12/19.
One of them broke after a relatively short time (the fabric has a hole in the front part of the chair).
I ask for support.
Fan pumps are ideal for supplying an aquarium with additional oxygen.
It is also possible to operate a filter system via air lift.
We offer this series in 3 variants.
Look at the table at the end of the offer.
There you can see the services in comparison.
If the pumps are powerful enough, entire systems can be operated with them.
If you have a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are suitable so that you can connect several air vents.
The MK series has one, two or four outlets, but depending on the model, fan pumps are also ideal for setting an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with an air curtain (you can find it in our shop) or with a decoration that draws out the air bubbles convert to a function.
A treasure chest, shell or something similar would be mentioned here.
The MK series has a special, soundproof construction and thus ensures low operating noise.
The installation is very easy.
The fan pump is connected to an air vent or similar using a 4/6 mm air hose...and you're ready to go.
The fan pump should be equal to or higher than the water level and mounted outside.
If the fan pump sits lower than the water level, you should put a non-return valve in between.
Simply cut the air hose and put the valve in between.
This would prevent, if water were to run backwards, that the water would run out of the pool through the pump...
If the fan pump is installed outdoors, it should, like other air pumps, be covered and protected from moisture
The MK series pumps are pure power packs that consume little energy
Even if we specify the processing time here on ebay as 3 days, packing is done every day and the packages are also picked up here every day.
If everything goes well on the way, it goes very quickly.
We just want to take precautions a little so that nobody gets upset just because it took a little longer.
It would be like this, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in the forwarding business... of course no Corona stops here.
Please do not rate badly just because the delivery is delayed, this is solely due to the parcel services.
Of course, one likes to scold these services, even if we say at the moment...they have a damn hard time
This also varies greatly from region to region.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that better times will come again.
how long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrests?
Can you also order the legs in light here?
Amazon founder Bezo sends astronaut daughter and presenter into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers have taken a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin rocket system "New Shepard".
The flight, which lasted around ten minutes, took off and landed in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky, Bezos himself received the newly crowned astronauts upon their return.
"Welcome back," Bezos said, clad in a blue space suit, as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
To the applause of friends, family and Blue Origin employees, the six passengers gradually climbed out and hugged the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they traveled in 10 minutes and 13 seconds, reaching an altitude of 107 kilometers.
The 74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of Alan Shepard (1923-1998), who flew into space as a NASA astronaut in 1961 and after whom the Blue Origin rocket system is named, and the 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were guests of honor at the company , the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: aerospace engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not say how much they paid for their tickets.
After the short flight, Laura Shepard Churchley recalled her father's mission.
He worked hard on his assignments and had to do everything himself.
She just flew along, said the 74-year-old with a laugh.
Michael Strahan was also enthusiastic.
He would like to return to space again, said the moderator.
"New Shepard" flies up to 100 kilometers altitude
The missile system "New Shepard" flies largely automated.
The capsule, separated from the rocket during the flight, reached an altitude of around 100 kilometers above the earth, at times with weightlessness, before the reusable object landed again, slowed down by large parachutes.
The International Aviation Union and many other experts consider 100 kilometers above the Earth to be the limit to space, but there is no binding international rule.
It was Blue Origin's third manned space flight: the first, in July, had Amazon founder Bezos himself on board, along with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second, in October, included 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, best known for his role as Captain Kirk on Star Trek, former NASA engineer Chris Boshuizen, entrepreneur Glen de Vries and Deputy CEO by Blue Origin, Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of promoting the space tourism business largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and without regard to the climate.
At the push of a button, you can easily select whether your »Smart Stone« should shine in one color permanently or play through its entire color repertoire.
Set to change color, the glow stone maintains a light color for around a minute before gently transitioning to the next decorative shade.
The solid construction of the »Smart Stone« light has proven itself outdoors all year round.
In snowy surroundings, their light is even particularly good - only a shorter light duration is to be expected as soon as the days are shorter.
In winter, please make sure that no snow impairs the function of the solar module.
»Smart Stone« uses a NiMh battery in the standard mignon (»AA«) format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can obtain a suitable replacement battery from our web shop and thus extend the service life of your decorative light even further.
High-gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look like chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, especially for the design of rims, wheel trims, paintable plastic parts with appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR offers a wipe-proof and weatherproof chrome spray for the first time.
The best effect is achieved on a black background, e.g. B. by pre-painting with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single can and in a set incl. Effect Primer and tack cloth for optimal preparation of the paintwork.
For use on metal, wood, glass, paintable hard plastics, stone.
Perfect that agrees :) do I need to enclose anything else?
You only need the tracking number for my mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or has studied biochemistry
I'm currently studying biochemistry in the first semester and actually find the subject quite exciting in itself, and standing in the laboratory doesn't bother me either (I've already completed the inorganic chemistry internship).
Of course, I found out about career prospects before I started my studies, but I also thought at the time that I would definitely like to and will study until I do my doctorate.
At the moment, however, I have my doubts, and I am particularly depressed about the job prospects.
On the one hand (study check, etc.) you keep hearing about great job opportunities and the job is totally wanted, on the other hand you keep hearing about unemployed biologists and unbelievably badly paid jobs.
So I'm really interested in:
1) What are you currently working as?
2) Are you satisfied with your job/salary?
3) What did you study/ what training did you do?
4) Would you do it all over again?
Thank you for your answers!
I'm really unsure at the moment and I'm considering giving up my studies in 2022 and doing an apprenticeship as an IT specialist.
If you have any experiences, please let me know :)
Extra stress before holidays & bank holiday weekends
This topic came up for me last week.
But now I had to use my long weekend to relax from it.
That's why only now a post about it.
It's not just before long holidays, like the Christmas holidays, that we have a lot of stress in our company.
Apparently there's also before public holidays plus bridging days.
It was like this: Last week was Assumption Day, which we call "Ascension Day" in Switzerland.
Most people and companies have a bridging day on Friday, which is therefore semi-official.
So there was a long 4-day weekend coming up last week.
So what happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
Lots of e-mails that absolutely had to be sent out before Ascension, order here, order there, all *absolutely* before the long weekend.
Because... yes because?
Because "next week then" sounds like so much time and that shouldn't be?
Or because people seriously want to do as much in a shortened week as in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, I was also really annoyed.
What is this self-hostage about holidays?
Why do we still have public holidays if we can't really treat ourselves to them?!
Mind you, the stress didn't come from above, all of the colleagues were on their own.
My question is simple: is it just us, the Swiss?
Is that our Reformed Evangelical way?
Or do you know that in the north too?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - but hasn't got any presents yet.
"The nice thing is that even if there is no snow in Erfurt, you just drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest," said the actress and singer Hit Radio FFH.
She will get in the mood for the festival by baking and crafting cookies with her son.
"I love that," Catterfeld said.
But she still has a lot to do before the contemplative days: "For the first time I don't have any presents yet, I finally have to get started".
NEKTON-Bio supports smooth moulting and new plumage formation.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 µg biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of plumage damage occurring in bird husbandry is exclusively due to incorrect nutrition.
Since the plumage consists of protein-containing substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein diet of the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a perfect plumage.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily food must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
A large part of the animal losses that occur during moulting are due to insufficient or unbalanced protein intake and/or insufficient supply of vitamins and minerals.
The composition of NEKTON-Bio explicitly takes into account and balances the unfavorable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feeds.
No other vitamin preparation should be administered while using NEKTON-Bio.
NEKTON-Bio is cold-water soluble and can easily be administered via the drinking water or the soft feed.
Thank you I found it
Unfortunately still not working
GDR handwork model old building E-locomotive E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the locomotive was in use in Silesia and Central Germany, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railway company ME Issue 11/1968, used with signs of wear and missing parts, see photos, function Well, the class E 95 is a heavy freight electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal block trains in the Silesian network, the kit may also come from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and is being refurbished to be operational
In 1924, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft had commissioned AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive that would be able to haul 2,200-ton coal trains and 530-ton passenger trains at a travel speed of 45 km/h on this route.
The top speed required was 65 km/h.
Thus, in March 1926, the DRG ordered the delivery of the 1'Co+Co1' locomotive with AEG suspension drive and the delivery of the mechanical part, and the Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which were given road numbers E 95 01-06.
All survived the Second World War and then found themselves on the territory of what later became the GDR.
In 1946 the locomotives were sent to the Soviet Union as reparations.
They returned to Germany by November 1952.
In the Reichsbahn repair shop in Dessau, it was determined that all six locomotives were worth working up.
[4] As the re-electrification of the central German network increased, the need for locomotives for heavy freight train service increased and the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were refurbished in 1959, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts donors.
The E 04, E 44 and E 94, which were available in large numbers, were initially preferred.
Only when it became clear that the number of refurbishments of the E 94 could not be increased any further did the E 95 become the focus of the refurbishment.
[4]Initially, the locomotives were stationed in the Leipzig-Wahren depot.
They came to the Halle P depot in 1960.
They were used in their own schedule, mostly in front of coal trains from the Geiseltal in the direction of Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
The complicated control of the locomotives proved to be problematic with increasing age.
It often happened that contactors got stuck during switching operations.
Then the co-worker with a hammer and wooden wedge, who was constantly riding on this locomotive, had to release the contactor during the journey.
Damage to the traction motors was common and led to months of locomotive failure.
[5] Since there were enough new locomotives available at the end of the 1960s and a significant expansion of electrical operations was not planned at the time, the Reichsbahn was able to do without old locomotives and most of the splinter types, so that the E 95 was decommissioned.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn only wanted to man electric locomotives with one man, which would have resulted in a problem in train operation due to the difficulties mentioned with the machines and the visibility from the driver's cab.
[5] After road numbers E 95 02 and E 95 03 were shut down in mid-1969, they were followed by road number E 95 01, which left service on October 5, 1970.
The intended new designation 255 001 was never used.
Except for the E 95 02, all locomotives were dismantled.
The E 95 02 was set up as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a point heating system at Halle main station.
It took some time before those responsible at the Reichsbahn could be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the first external work on the locomotive began with the aim of being able to present it at a vehicle show in the RAW Dessau.
[5] Since then it has belonged to the Dresden Transport Museum as a non-operational museum locomotive.
In 1986 the interior of the locomotive was completed.
In the DB Museum Halle (Saale) the locomotive is looked after as a museum.
Since 1995, employees of the traditional community Bw Halle P have been working on the operational refurbishment of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive was presented for the first time at an exhibition in the Museums-Bw Arnstadt with new interior and exterior paintwork, the transformers were checked and five traction motors are operational.
-The locomotives were in use on the Schlesische Bergbahn and the branching branch lines until 1945, where they proved themselves due to their reliable drive and low maintenance requirements.
In February 1945, the machines were relocated to Leipzig for the central German network.
The main area of operation was initially Silesia
Handcrafted model H0 in the original packaging, works well, optical rework on the locomotive is necessary, dusty, with signs of wear, cellar smell !!!, very rare handcrafted model, very small edition - the kit may also come from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and signs of storage.
Yes, the F-parts are
I received a bed from you.
However, there was a problem with one part.
The middle beam is held by two feet...unfortunately these are too narrow and the beam cannot be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
I can't make up the bed.
The middle beam is held by two feet, which are unfortunately incorrectly produced.
The center beam does not fit into the intended bracket.
So I get new ones sent.
When are they going to be sent out?
no no flat.
According to the assembly instructions, these are the right ones in terms of shape, they were just too narrow
But that doesn't matter.
The main thing is that they serve their purpose
For me they are not flat
Can I have these sent to me?
Hello #NAME#, do you want me to explain the problem again?
House fire with two minor injuries and high damage
Two people were slightly injured in a fire in a residential building in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, there was an estimated damage in the six-digit euro range, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had probably spread from a carport to the adjacent residential building in Kinsau (Landsberg am Lech district).
Two residents were reportedly taken to the hospital on Sunday with mild smoke inhalation.
The exact cause of the fire was not initially known, but the police did not assume that the fire was intentionally set.
The Kripo Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigations.
But that arrives much later
And I have to pay shipping again
To refute fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin published a photo of his first vaccination in early 2021 on the LinkedIn social network
Biontech boss Uğur Şahin had not yet publicly commented on his vaccination status.
The entrepreneur has now published a photo showing his corona vaccination.
A friend's illness prompted him to do so, Şahin said.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz-based company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing him receiving a vaccination against the corona virus.
There was false information on social media that I was supposedly not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I received 3 doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine," Sahin wrote in a post on the LinkedIn network on Friday.
"For several months, friends have been urging me to post a photo of me being vaccinated to counter these false rumours."
So far he has refused because the communication should not revolve around himself.
But a call last week changed his mind: "I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is fighting a severe Covid 19 disease and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family were not vaccinated, Şahin continued.
He didn't ask why.
"However, the most common cause appears to be fear, often fueled by misinformation and mistrust."
Fear is difficult to combat with facts, so sometimes it's better to share personal experiences.
An interview with Deutsche Welle is circulating on the internet in which Uğur Şahin says he has not been vaccinated.
However, the video was made in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself clarified.
"I am currently not legally allowed to get the vaccine myself," Sahin said at the time.
There is a prioritization in Germany when vaccinating the vaccine.
In the meantime, the prioritization has long been lifted - and according to the Biontech boss, he has had himself vaccinated three times.
Fire in substation: tens of thousands of people without power
The lights went out in several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia on Friday evening: no more electricity and in many cases probably no heating either.
A fire paralyzed a substation.
After a fire with severe damage in a substation, tens of thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia had to do without electricity for around 24 hours.
Due to the fire, the lights went out on Friday evening for 41,000 affected residents in several communities.
The utility Westnetz reported that numerous emergency generators were in operation on Saturday until the large-scale disruption was finally completely resolved late in the evening.
Firefighters and helpers from THW provided support in the communities.
The authorities offered childcare places in schools and called on neighbors to help.
The provider thanked those affected for their patience and the helpers for their commitment.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant restrictions.
We would also like to thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire brigades and the THW for their tireless efforts," said the head of the primary technology department, Florian Witt, in a statement on Saturday evening.
The repair of the damage will take a few more days, since the Westnetz fitters were initially only able to temporarily put some lines back into operation, he explained.
According to the company, a technical defect led to the fire.
electricity flows again
According to Westnetz, the fire that broke out around 7:15 p.m. on Friday severely damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switchgear in the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid substation.
Extensive cleaning and repair work is required there.
At the same time, a connection to a 30,000 volt voltage level was created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply is restored.
Since 6 p.m. on Saturday, more than 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had electricity again.
Another 20,000 residents of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually connected from 9:30 p.m.
Since 11:15 p.m., those last affected by the outage have also had electricity.
Over 80 fitters from Westnetz and partner companies were on duty.
After the construction of an emergency power supply for important buildings on Saturday afternoon, the authorities also called for neighborhood help.
"It is now important that the citizens take care of the elderly or single people in their neighborhood and inform the local fire department if help is needed," said District Administrator Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
When setting up and operating emergency power generators, the focus was primarily on the residents of old people's homes.
In addition, according to the authorities, temporary care places were set up in schools for those people who could not take care of themselves or who need medical devices that depend on electricity or who are dependent on medical care.
Good day!
Unfortunately the blanket is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay in euros?
It is the bedspread #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you have a nice day too and please stay healthy ♡
But I can't mount the base on the table top.
It is Custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions.
We wanted the ones with tabletop diameters of #NUMBER#
we got 155cm diameter.
My #PRS_ORG# arrived today, but I can't nest them and shorten them.
Can you help me there?
Otherwise I would have to send it back, otherwise it is not suitable for the purpose.
I would appreciate feedback
yes it really is easier!
Then we do it like that!
can you send me the return slip by email?
the repair is now complete.
I had already tried this before the chat.
However, before the purchase I had not restarted the E-#PRS_ORG#.
Should I do this now?
I find such a low credit almost outrageous.
We don't agree with that
Nordic Combined: Combined Riiber wins
The German Nordic combined athletes Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid sprinted onto the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
The duo was once again beaten by the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started the cross-country ski run with a large lead after ski jumping.
Return order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes, we both made new s and are using version 4.5...
it could be that you have heard about problems before
I bought a book directly with my #PRS_ORG#, it seems to be on it too.
As soon as I want to open it I get the message, oops!
This document could not be opened.
File may be corrupt, contact customer service.
As far as I can tell it's a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can you help me?
Chat connection is gone, what now?
I have to work from time to time too!
To ensure that the paint is applied evenly and cleanly, you should clean the components from dust, grease and fingerprints with a little soapy water, rinse with clear water and dry.
Before you bring the brush to the model with a new color for the first time, it is advisable to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the components, which will no longer be visible later, or on a yogurt cup.
The first line on the component
Draw the brush evenly, line by line.
Slight overlapping of the layers of paint later ensures an even surface.
Avoid quick sweeping back and forth with the brush.
This creates unrealistic surfaces.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the light colors.
Otherwise the dark ones could show through later.
Metal tones and metallic colors come at the very end with a separate brush.
Otherwise unsightly metal streaks can occur if they mix with normal colors.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before installing them.
The models achieve a true-to-original appearance with the decals.
From national emblems on aircraft to ship names to decorative strips and license plates on car models: the decals give the model the finishing touch.
Apply the decals in the correct order while the components are still within easy reach.
An aircraft cockpit can be glued on more easily before it is built into the fuselage.
Time, patience and a steady hand are even more important than the right tools such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks.
Cut out each required decal individually and lay them out for yourself.
Decals are also called water slide decals because you briefly moisten their back with water until the backing paper turns dark from the wetness.
Then you slide the picture just a small piece off the paper and place the piece on the corresponding spot on the model (which you also moistened beforehand).
While holding the decal on the model with a tool, pull the backing paper away to the side.
Attention: Always check whether the picture is correctly positioned before you slide it completely off the paper so that it doesn't stick to your finger, crease or even tear.
Soak up excess water with a kitchen towel.
Attention not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book briefly, as soon as I look for something else then I stop reading the book and have to log out and log in and load the book again and find where I've read.
I already communicated with you on Saturday.
Can I get this via email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp came to me in 3 individual packages
ok thanks anyway!
then I will buy somewhere else as soon as the money is back.
But can I get it back without any problems?
Fertility treatment with PKV / What is an "insured case"?
Hello, everyone,
we were in fertility treatment for a while, now when it comes to billing with private health insurance, it suddenly gets in the way.
Sequentially:
We had applied for fertility treatment from the PKV in advance and received approval for 3 attempts.
The experiments were not restricted in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to a successful pregnancy and birth and was settled with the PKV.
Some time later we tried to have a second child and made 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but did not yet settle these with the PKV.
We applied again for the PKV to cover the costs and were granted 3 more attempts.
After a few more attempts (we carried out more tests than promised, logically we bill the most expensive ones with the PKV) we submitted the invoices to the PKV and got the nasty surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3), the PKV only wanted 3 reimburse attempts.
The reason: With the pregnancy/birth, the other 2 attempts of the first commitment expire.
The second desire to have children is a new insurance case.
According to the General Terms and Conditions, however, "The insured event begins with the treatment and ends when there is no longer any need for treatment."
The questions for the experts in the group here:
* Who is right here, the PKV (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or we (there are 5 attempts to be reimbursed)?
* Should the private health insurer have pointed out to us in the promises that further attempts expire after a birth?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insured event?
Infertility (caused by blocked fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts here gave their opinions.
Thank you for your help!
Can you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how I can best reach them again
In order.
We won't be ordering anything from them again.
If you add up sales from me and my friend #NAME# (same address) you obviously lost good customers.
Feel free to pass this on to your manager.
That's not competitive.
Yesterday the colleague said to me that the repayment has been arranged and now you tell me that I have to send the thing back first.
It's not my fault that the chest of drawers arrives completely disturbed
Please see the screenshot of what the colleague wrote
It clearly states that the refund has been issued and I still haven't received a refund via #PRS_ORG#
They can tell their manager that they have now lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered various pieces of furniture for our apartment via his account.
We won't do that anymore.
No, the defect only appeared after a few months.
An office chair must withstand normal use.
Otherwise they are not allowed to sell it as an office chair.
Irrespective of this, the warranty of 24 months applies.
No, it is not possible for me to obtain another type of packaging.
I will dismantle the cupboard and make it available to the transport company.
Hello, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG#
These products are advertised with stools that have to be purchased separately, but unfortunately we cannot find them in your shop.
Can you help?
Topic of the week: The best low budget films
There is no general definition with exact budget limits as to what a low-budget film is.
Wikipedia has this to say about it:
>A **low-budget film** or **low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
One can find plenty of lists of low budget movies on the web, such as on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know any interesting representatives of this category?
What excites you about it?
And what do you perhaps not like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
Wanted to inquire about the best price on the Odelle gray leather sofa.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is it reliable now?
Many Thanks
Kind regards
If there is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30 minutes is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes in the waiting position...I'll give up again soon because it just doesn't work here.
Hi
"Half victory" against Belarus associated with high costs for the EU
According to political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can announce a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
But the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees on Belarus' border with Poland and Lithuania, Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
The EU did not resolve the confrontation in the long term, explained the researcher at the Berlin Science and Politics Foundation (SWP).
This state of limbo - Belarus is not giving in completely, but the EU feels like a winner - will probably continue for a while.
Dealing with the people at the border is not in accordance with the European Convention on Human Rights, Bossong judged.
Apparently there is an "increasing normalization of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole is not resolutely opposed to this, this is at the expense of fundamental rights.
At the same time, this development weakens the cohesion in the Union.
"Apparently, it can't assert itself when a member state gets it in its head to do its thing," as is currently the case in Poland, which doesn't even allow the EU border protection agency Frontex access to the border.
According to Bossong, the EU is also paying another price for its policy on the border with Belarus: A fundamental agreement on asylum policy is being made more difficult because the line "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Another attempt to cross the border
According to Poland's border guards, migrants have tried again to get into Polish territory via Belarus.
A spokeswoman for the authority said on Sunday that 55 migrants had been arrested on Sunday night and taken back to the border.
During the incident not far from the town of Czeremsza, the Polish officials were thrown at by the migrants with stones.
According to the information, a soldier was hit in the face and had to be treated by a military doctor.
The border guard registered a total of 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
A group of 28 migrants had already overcome the border barriers on Friday evening.
Thousands of people from countries like Iraq and Afghanistan had crossed or attempted to cross the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko, as ruler in Minsk, of having lured them with the prospect of entering the EU.
According to press reports, Poland and Lithuania sealed off border sections.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU commissioners traveled to the people's countries of origin to prevent departures from there.
The most effective element of the EU response is the pressure on the airlines, Bossong said.
"The EU threw its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with tough bandages and extraterritorial sanctions."
Minsk must also take into account domestic political costs.
Belarusian society is probably not prepared for the fact that the security apparatus regularly smuggles thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes protests after controversial Formula 1 final
According to Mercedes, Max Verstappen broke two rules during the race.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has filed an appeal.
The Silver Arrows suspect two breaches of the rules in the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest relates to an alleged violation by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the last safety car phase when he is said to have overtaken illegally.
A second appeal was lodged against the scoring at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not followed according to the rules.
Verstappen overtook Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the last lap and raced to his first Formula 1 title.
The maneuver took place shortly after the end of a safety car phase in which the Dutchman overtook cars in front of him.
I will check this.
I'll speak to the bank and get back to you
thanks for the support
Free entry for members: Europa-Park organizes SC Freiburg fan day
Europa-Park, which gave its name to the Europa-Park stadium of Sport-Club Freiburg, invited to the SC Freiburg fan day.
As announced by the park, members and season ticket holders of the Sport-Club from Breisgau as well as members of the fan community were able to visit Europa-Park free of charge on this day.
In addition, there were vouchers for drinks and sausage.
The roller coaster trains shone red and white through the jerseys that day.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and lots of red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop," says the park.
The cooperation between the Bundesliga club and the amusement park in Rust, 40 kilometers north of Freiburg, has existed since the early 1990s.
The first SC Freiburg fan day at Europa-Park once again showed how well the partnership fits.
Seeing beaming fans having fun together on the roller coaster confirms that," says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
why is that €#NUMBER# and not the original €1699?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen did it.
In his seventh year in Formula 1, the Dutchman won his first world title in the Red Bull.
His way to the top of the premier class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen gambled away the Kart World Championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen angrily leaves him at a gas station on the return journey.
His mother Sophie Kumpen collects the teenager in the following car.
2014, England: Red Bull's junior team has promising youngsters in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old follows in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
At that time he continued to drive in the European Formula 3 for the time being.
2015, Australia: Verstappen starts at the age of 17 years and 166 days as the youngest driver in history in a Grand Prix.
Due to a defect, he has to park his Toro Rosso in Melbourne prematurely.
2015, Malaysia: At 17 years and 180 days, the then Toro Rosso driver Verstappen is also the youngest racing driver to score points in Formula 1.
Verstappen finishes seventh in the Malaysian Grand Prix in Sepang.
2016, Spain: Verstappen wins his first race for Red Bull.
At 18 years and 228 days, he sensationally became the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history in Barcelona.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his pole debut in Budapest - he is not the youngest.
At the age of 21 he left Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
Verstappen celebrates his first world title at the age of 24 at the Formula 1 final in Abu Dhabi - with an overtaking maneuver against Hamilton in the final lap. dpa
Back then I had #NUMBER# a lot of trouble with you when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# chest of drawers.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim"
As part of the "LiteraTour Nord" reading series, author Judith Hermann read from her current novel "Daheim" in the sold-out Blue Note on Friday and also acted as moderator.
She is divorced, lives in a house on the coast and listens sensitively to the noises on her doorstep at night.
I submitted the contact form to return an item yesterday, but did not receive an email confirmation or anything similar.
My question would be whether my request has been received.
Not everyone has the time for your crazy chat and wrongly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake that you fix and not everyone from our household.
Contact Mrs #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day
We chatted yesterday and agreed that I or Ms. #NAME# would receive an email with a 60 euro voucher, a new order for the #PRS_ORG# bedside table and a return label.
This e-mail has not yet arrived.
The package wants to bring to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
Kind regards
The LokSound 5 decoder can play back up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bit / 31250 kHz and finally offers hi-fi quality on your system.
There is practically no difference to the original that can be heard.
A Class-D audio power amplifier with an output power of up to 3W controls the loudspeakers, which can have an impedance between 4 ohms and 32 ohms.
The huge 128 Mbit sound memory provides enough capacity.
All individual sounds can be individually adjusted in volume.
The super flexible sound engine without a rigid schedule allows the prototypical simulation of all conceivable rail vehicles.
Three separately adjustable braking functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry but just because he says he's not an anti-Semite doesn't mean anything.
It's like when a afdler says he has nothing against foreigners.
Both of them won't admit their i's.
But Kollegah constantly reproduces some kind of anti-Semitic message.
If you want to distance yourself then you should just leave it completely.
Yes wow then you are just as little to be taken seriously as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions evolution as a matter of principle is simply completely lost.
Because of me, a god set the whole thing in motion.
But once you're a creationist, you have to believe that the earth is 10,000 years old and that science is just spouting nonsense.
And that makes you an enemy of science and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah
In order to obtain an optimal field of view, the magnifying glass should be brought as close as possible to the eye.
The specially designed aplanatic-achromatic lens system allows you to use the magnifying glass practically free of distortion and color errors right up to the edge zone.
Magnifying glasses are often marked with magnification information.
However, this information only applies to precisely defined conditions, which rarely correspond to the conditions of use.
In order to be able to use your magnifying glass optimally, we ask you to observe the information in the "Technical data" table (see instructions for use in the packaging).
Light reflections occur on the lens surfaces of all optical devices, including folding magnifiers.
These reflections are significantly reduced by an anti-reflective coating.
If the optimal conditions of use are observed - magnifying glass close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the enclosed instructions for use (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard magnifier credit card magnifier enlargement pocket magnifier reading magnifier reading aid
Whether as a reading aid on the go or simply for the tiny everyday things: the Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And their hard coating makes them robust against the particular hardships of everyday life.
Each magnifying glass comes with a credit card sleeve for safekeeping and safe transport.
You are bidding on the items you see in the pictures or as described under "What are you bidding on".
In what condition is the item offered?
Everyone can of course overlook something, because no human being is free from mistakes - if this is the case, just write a message and it will be clarified to your complete satisfaction (either by exchange, partial refund or full refund).
You will receive a proper invoice.
Unless expressly requested otherwise by the buyer, shipping is always insured with a tracking number via DHL!
The individual shipping costs can be found in the above shipping conditions.
There are no additional handling costs.
ok everyone says uthorized, how can i check more precisely?
yes both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do very nice and good service, it took a while to get through to someone, you were great
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# team,
I have already contacted you under the customer contact number #PHONENUMBER#.
yes, but it said before.
You cannot ship from England due to #PRS_ORG#.
Fir sales in Schönwolde: In the municipality of Krembz, women choose the Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has experienced many strange situations when selling fir trees.
Once a man is said to have gone home without his partner because the two could not come to an agreement.
Every year he plants a good 2000 pieces.
The 56-year-old has already experienced many strange situations.
That always makes the run-up to Christmas a little fun, he says.
And what about the voucher?
Otherwise I'm gone as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and now paid full price for it.
Then I will rate it accordingly!
We need not discuss which dish is better here, but there is a certain resemblance between the two.
Both consist of meat grilled on a rotating spit.
And that's why they both got their names.
In German, an equivalent might be something like "Schneller", which doesn't sound nearly as tasty.
Problems with fiber optics + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have had a new fiber optic connection in the house for a few weeks.
Unfortunately I now have problems to set up a stable Wifi network.
Before that I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which received and sent 50 Mbit flawlessly apart from a few failures.
The new fiber optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and this also arrives at the DLan module that is connected to the FritzBox.
However, the full 500 don't arrive at the other DLan module, which sends out the Wifi, but the further away I go in the house with the module, the less arrives (i.e. use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc .rooms away from the other module).
As a result, the Internet with the new fiber optic connection is even slower on the first floor than before (\~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which apparently uses new technology.
This was slightly better than the DLan, but there were similarly large losses here too.
Could someone explain to me why so much internet speed is "lost" over the power line with fiber optics?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely expensive to lay LAN cables in the house.
I'm really desperate, which is why I created an extra account here.
So I would be more than happy to get an answer.
When it's time to switch checking accounts
Anyone who would have thought that the checking accounts would be calm for the time being would be wrong.
While many banks used the autumn to use all sorts of tricks to get their customers to confirm past fee increases, the exemptions for negative interest rates continue to fall.
Deutsche Bank, for example, was long considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she has just halved the allowance and even quartered it for the overnight allowance.
In a first step, the limit was lowered only for customers of the Postbank division - to EUR 50,000 for current and investment accounts and to EUR 25,000 for call money accounts.
In the meantime, however, these lower allowances apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesman confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for "newly made individual agreements with existing customers".
Commerzbank had previously dropped to a limit of EUR 50,000, which still applies, as does ING Germany.
The direct bank DKB, which is particularly popular with cost-conscious customers, has reduced the allowances in two stages, initially to EUR 50,000 and now to EUR 25,000.
After all: According to figures from the Internet portal Verivox, more than 100 banks now have an allowance of 25,000 euros or less.
The Sparda-Bank Berlin has also arrived at 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the consumer advice centers, which even got a right against this regulation in the first instance before the Berlin Regional Court.
The banks are already discussing whether the institutes should possibly make provisions - in the event that the higher authorities also declare the negative interest rates to be inadmissible in principle and many millions of bank customers have to be repaid.
The table top for 8 people was delivered instead of the one for 6 people.
The base is the one for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs a whole beauty army
She is now officially at the top of Hollywood.
But her life is like a roller coaster ride.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was voted the most influential woman of the year by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter".
For her, who made a splash in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show," this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and work.
A whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers takes care of their looks.
After all, Aniston says, she treats herself to one chip a day (yes, you read that right: ONE chip out of the bag).
It's actually a miracle that she wins the hearts of female and male fans alike.
Maybe because she's just unlucky with luck - and is still looking for great love.
And crossed off the wish to have a baby from the list.
Before that, she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
That hurt her.
The people asking this have no idea what's wrong with me personally, medically why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
It remains to be hoped that success and fame will also bring happiness.
Unworthy end of a career: Raikkonen has to give up
Kimi Raikkonen's departure from Formula 1 was even quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a slight touch of the railings, Raikkonen had to park his Alfa Romeo at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix less than halfway through the race.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, the "Iceman" ended his career in the motorsport premier class.
His wife Minttu and their two children also traveled to the United Arab Emirates to say goodbye.
Raikkonen's greatest success was winning the 2007 Ferrari World Championship.
He managed 21 Grand Prix victories, 18 pole starts and 103 podium finishes. dpa
Friedrich gets 60th World Cup victory - Nolte wins in two-man bobsleigh - sport
The mark of the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the goal of the bobsleigh pilot.
"I did the math, I would have to win nine and a half times a season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who had two wins in two days at the races in Winterberg.
First on Saturday he fended off Johannes Lochner's attack by five hundredths, going from third to first place.
Then he changed something in the material settings and on Sunday he opened up a larger lead of 0.30 seconds.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle) he prevailed over Brit Brad Hall.
Third was the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
"We took a bigger risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also clinched his 22nd win in a row.
Johannes Lochner from Berchtesgaden, driving for Stuttgart, came fifth this time after second place.
After fourth place in the first race, Christoph Hafer from BC Bad Feilnbach finished eighth.
"If I knew what he did differently, I would do it that way," Lochner said.
Nolte with home win - podium for Jamaica
In the women's bobsleigh, Laura Nolte clinched her third win of the season on her home track.
After only finishing fourth in monobob the day before, she raced to victory in the German triple success with brakewoman Deborah Levi on Sunday.
Two-man bobsleigh Olympic champion Mariama Jamanka from BRC Thüringen finished second with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
In addition to her Olympic qualification, she notched up her first podium finish this winter.
Wiesbaden native Kim Kalicki finished third with Leonie Fiebig.
It was super cool for me, first podium in the World Cup, I'm super happy that Mariama is taking me with her.
I'm super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the starting times today were okay," said Burghardt, emphasizing: "It's not just pushing, there's also a lot to do around it".
Jamanka was a little annoyed that the rides were not entirely flawless, but said: "It's going in the right direction".
I already had the blanket in my shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I just didn't receive it and therefore couldn't redeem it, which is why I finally asked.
Due to Corona I had completely different problems last year and never had time for them.
And now it says it has expired, which annoys me a lot.
Look in the chat it was about the Asare bench.
I would like to return it and then order again because it is currently on sale :)
Why is shipping only on 16.3. started?
There was nothing about such a long delivery time on your website
No, only when I tap on it comes an extra field with the message
Was picked up by your colleague yesterday.
Why is this a problem today
I have also sent you pictures of the incorrectly shipped goods.
But we still want the shelf module, just a new undamaged one
And don't cancel the whole order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
Hello dear great girls and women,
I have some things I just want to write and maybe one or the other feels the same way...
I'm 24, have cPTSD, a full-time student and a dog mom - apart from the fact that my dog doesn't cry or go to kindergarten, he's actually 1 to 1 my child.
My boyfriend (dating 6yrs) is ill, got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is in therapy now).
I visited him yesterday because I also have emotional needs and because I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him take a shower (because his hand is bandaged because of a burn).
On top of that, he has a cold and we see each other less (1-2x a week) at the moment, which bothers me a lot with my need for affection and love.
My little dog just had a stomach ache, I cooked for him and now he's lying in his blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there with the heat lamp and petting him.
I live alone with my sister and my mother and she has just been away for a month.
Now we also have housework to do, which of course we split up.
But cooking is a lot of work for me right now...
My PTSD illness has been adjusted quite well at the moment, I'm being treated reasonably well and I'm coping.
Not well, but I'm coping and I'm almost symptom-free.
My university is asking a lot right now (for me), tomorrow at 3pm I have a written test for which I haven't done anything yet and the day after tomorrow an anatomy lesson for which I should at least prepare a little bit.
And next week I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes next is on my calendar and not in my head because there is no more space.
So my week goes like this: Only until the day after tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But then it all goes on?
Just until my birthday.
Only until the start of the holidays.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need these mental clues, because otherwise I'm not going to get it.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic", but I can't do it any other way...
Do you feel the same?
Honestly, I'm eternally grateful that I don't have to work.
Really infinitely grateful, I can't even put it into words.
Don't know if I would have survived my kptbs otherwise.
I think that partly has something to do with the mental load of women and that's why I thought that I would definitely find fellow sufferers here...
In any case, I wish you a relaxing evening, the week is almost over!
I received my order today, unfortunately the whole color is different plus the surface is scratched and the table leg has an imprint.
When it was first delivered, the color was exactly as it was on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
If we swap tables now, will I get a different color or what?
The cancellation email was sent on December 26th #NUMBER#.
Otherwise twice.
But it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I noticed at school back then that many religion teachers didn't believe in God and that for them it was just another subject like math or geography.
It was always a bit strange for me, maybe also because I was brought up as a Christian and somehow I always believed that way.
What's your opinion?
Maybe you can also talk about work and/or study colleagues with different attitudes.
Basically, I understand the difference between private and professional and it makes sense to separate them.
Is there a curriculum etc.
But would also just find it strange to have a physics teacher who doesn't believe in the theory of relativity.
Then what makes you want to teach religion if you don't believe it?
preserve culture or something?
Hope you question is not too private.
Can't it be changed or not? I like to write in English, I understand that well
That's a long time, then I would refrain from it
It's fine, thanks.
I expect a response as soon as possible, by the beginning of next week at the latest.
Thanks for your support #NAME#.
Movie search Help please
Hello dear people,
I'm looking for a film from my childhood (I'm 24).
I think it was a film for young people.
There are two timelines (or parallel worlds) in the film.
On the one hand, modernity (real world).
Second, the past (or the realm of the dead)(not quite sure).
Since I can't describe it anyway, in the real world there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead, a young soldier (uniform similar to that of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason, paths cross and a plot emerges.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman into this realm in order to be able to live, I mean.
I believe the transition is also the burial place of the soldier.
In the end both soldiers fight each other I think.
If that means something to you, I'm grateful for every answer.
Our little one only slept on her stomach from week 1.
Fast forward: still alive :D
Relax yourself.
A child like that can take a lot more than you think.
Make sure everything around is right, no stuffed animals, go in and have a look more often, but no minutes of surveillance.
That's driving you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Oh, and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always had a blanket.
Watch your child when he is sleeping.
Does it turn its head to the side?
Can it straighten up a bit from the stomach?
Or is it face first right in the mattress?
From this you can deduce whether everything is in order.
We all grew up and when my husband was born it was common practice, for example, to lay the kids on their stomachs to sleep.
In addition, we are already "regular customers" with you and have already bought many items
But why are you only offering me 20EUR?
Hello, I already wrote to a colleague of yours yesterday and so far no reply.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived the day before yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer does not fit in the closet.
I ask you to contact me as soon as possible.
The closet is currently not usable.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself, not everything can be kept.
And I had a lot of fun with RBTV too.
It's just that the politics of this station is now a mess.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then at the same time go on a big begging spree.
It was said to be an "independent" Internet broadcaster.
Quote Arno: We don't want to be "a running advertising pillar".
What are you now?
A run-of-the-mill advertising station trying to get its BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's Do's & Don'ts.
Which of course apply to everyone, except for Simon and Etienne.
Of course they can continue to insult people.
A Krogman who completely lacks empathy and tries to make ashes at the expense of the action with the rented rooms exploded.
How are you supposed to find all of this?
Great if you like it, I think it's awful.
I would like to call you back because my wooden table was delivered defective.
Body breakage due to damaged delivery of #PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a comforter for a stomach ache or just to cuddle - My little warmth friend can be used in many ways.
Cherry pit pillows are a traditional household remedy for soothing heat applications, since cherry pits absorb heat very well and release it again in doses.
The removable inner cushion can be easily heated in the microwave or in the oven.
The soft cover makes it particularly pleasant to use, so that the little ones feel safe, even if they are not doing so well.
The cherry pit pillow with cover is only suitable as a heat pad for the following areas of application:
Before heating the pillow, check for an unusual odour, mildew or burn marks and dispose of them immediately if there are any.
Please take the inner cushion out of the cover to warm it up first!
Heat in the microwave at max. 300 watts for max. 2 minutes (observe the microwave manufacturer's instructions!)
Immediately after heating, shake the heat evenly throughout the pillow!
Then put the inner cushion back in the cover.
During the first warming up, there may be a slight formation of moisture on the surface, but this disappears with repeated applications.
It is essential that you follow the heating instructions given, since longer times or higher energy outputs can lead to damage (risk of ignition and burns!).
Before heating the pillow in the microwave, check that the manufacturer's instructions allow heating grain products.
After the heated inner pillow has been put back into the cover, please check the temperature of the pillow for suitability for babies (max. 43 °C) on the crook of your arm!
Do not use the pillow in the case of acute and chronic, inflammatory or feverish illnesses, circulatory problems, fresh bruises, bruises and open wounds, and in people with reduced sensitivity to pain.
If you have existing skin, heart, veins, diabetes or tumor diseases or if you are pregnant, please consult a doctor before use.
If the seams have opened and loose cores emerge, immediately dispose of the product and the loose cores and keep them out of the reach of children.
If the product is used on babies under the age of 1 year, the child's temperature should be checked regularly during use to rule out overheating!
All serious incidents related to the product must be reported to the manufacturer and to the competent authority of the country where the user is established.
The cover is removable and machine washable at 30°C.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt after Hinserie second - Pauli WINS in Dusseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 is working its way out of the table cellar.
For Ingolstadt, things are not going well under the third coach either.
Cheering in Darmstadt after the late win in the top game, joy in Hanover about interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the unsuccessful debut under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Last night my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was no longer charged by my power supply.
I bought this new about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought the power supply alone was sufficient for operation.
Nothing, the battery is empty and the laptop no longer starts despite the power supply being plugged in.
I then removed the battery, but nothing happened here either.
Do you have any ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in mains operation?
Is there something else broken?
Many thanks for your help!
I want the #PRS_ORG# delivered to my room.
How can I book this?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
Don't know how high the seat is...
Often on tour and still have a lot of equipment with you?
No problem with the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design!
With a capacity of 20 litres, even larger photo equipment can easily be swallowed up, which can be safely stowed away using the padded FlexFold dividers.
And what other everyday objects you need stays well organized and can be separated from the photo equipment thanks to practical access points in the individually configurable interior.
With the “update” of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also has a new look.
The chic, minimalist design has it all - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack and still allow access to photo equipment in seconds.
This works in two ways: First, conventionally via the lid flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch closure system, an excellently thought-out solution for effective protection that has already proven itself with messenger bags.
There is a metal hook in the closure flap with matching anchor bars on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different “levels”: there are 4 anchor bars, riveted in a stable manner, into which the locking hook can be hooked.
If the backpack is fully loaded, you simply take the top bar, if it is rather empty, a lower one.
The flap closure and hook are also magnetic.
The backpack can also be closed reliably without snapping the hook.
The second option also fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other photo backpacks: In addition to the lid flap, there is also a zip opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the main disadvantage of traditional top access backpacks - you no longer have to rummage through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail increases the day-to-day suitability of the backpack enormously: if you take not only your photo equipment with you, but also everyday objects or luggage.
In the Everyday Backpack you can configure the interior individually (more on this below) and thus easily store both separately - and access them independently through the two side openings.
You can also pull the backpack from the right side in front of your body, for example to access the camera equipment in the right main compartment, while everyday things stay safely in the left half of the backpack and don't get in the way.
Comfortable, easily adjustable shoulder straps help.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made entirely from 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents stay dry even if you head to Scotland in the autumn.
Unfortunately I wait in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME# sent me an email yesterday confirming I had commissioned the
Contacted by the forwarding agent to pick up the wrongly delivered table.
So far I haven't received any message.
I ask for immediate processing.
I am now already writing to the third support employee, with none of them did I get any further than the promise that I would receive an email as confirmation.
It concerns the return of the incorrectly delivered Custom #NAME#
Is it foreseeable when the wardrobe could be delivered again?
Keeping it like this is not an option for me...
It works.
Thank you very much for the help
Have a nice evening
Hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. when will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was on 1/12/21.
I received a completely different lamp than what I ordered
Please call me
If you extend the voucher I will immediately place a larger order, but at least I kept the damaged piece of furniture and did not send it back.
And I couldn't have guessed that the past year was different than expected and I wasn't able to redeem and clarify it in time.
But I have the damage as a customer and I don't accept that.
Rotinger brake discs are designed to meet the demands of dynamic drivers who value reliability and safety when braking, even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are made from cast iron and then machined (drilled and cut).
All tuned discs are manufactured in short series according to individual technical characteristics specific to certain discs and patterns.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing, a special production program is created, which is based on the balancing of the disc according to the properties of the original assembly.
Discs made in this way ensure high comfort and braking efficiency.
Additionally created openings increase the effectiveness of cooling the disc, while the cuts improve cleaning of the brake discs and brake pads.
Aesthetic properties of our tuned windows underline the character of each car with an attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, at the southern fork of the American River, a man spotted glowing boulders in the water.
Though he tried to keep his discovery a secret, the news spread quickly, sparking what became known as the "California Gold Rush" of '49.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest growing and thriving cities in the country.
Areas were staked out, tents pitched, and saloons and hotels sprang up almost overnight.
Everyone wanted their share of the country's wealth.
For many it was “Coloma or Bust” (Coloma or bankruptcy)!
In this game you are a pioneer who seeks wealth in the West and wants to make a name for himself.
You will pan for gold, recruit workers, herd horses and build businesses.
You will also get the opportunity to explore the surrounding rivers and adjacent areas.
You are not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You must outperform your fellow pioneers to avoid going bust with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many paths to victory.
You choose your actions simultaneously, have to economize on your resources and set up a tableau that “works” more and more for you (so-called “engine building”).
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, get additional actions or turn rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can develop your individual playing style with the help of fine adjustments.
Coloma is set over a three year period from 1848 (the year the gold was discovered in Coloma), through 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) to 1850 (the year California gained official statehood).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players will stealthily and simultaneously select a location on the game board where they can perform actions.
Then their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers on the appropriate locations.
If a location has the most Pioneers, it will be banned!
This deactivates one half of the location - reducing the possible actions there.
Then players take turns performing actions such as harvesting resources, moving wagons, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening shops, and positioning gunslingers.
When all actions are completed, the pioneers will return.
The Promoter rotates to a new location at the start of each round, changing the available actions.
This continues until the advertiser has moved five times, covering each location once, and the year ends.
There is a shootout where players have to defend Coloma from an incursion of angry bandits.
If players have contributed enough gunslingers and outnumber the bandits, they will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they get lower rewards or end up in the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shooting, then the final scoring takes place.
The player with the most victory points wins!
In the case of free shipping, up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm, I will use the shipping method, consignment (games wrapped).
Everything else is mostly DPD insured and with shipment tracking (games wrapped in foil, wrapped with fleece and packing paper).
If you are a collector, I can also send a box in a box for an additional charge of 2 euros, so that there are 100% no pressure points.
"Why children are not tyrants" Documentary, ARD Mediathek
CW psychological abuse, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentary popped up on my Twitter timeline today and I watched it right away.
>The child psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a welcome guest on talk shows and gives lectures throughout Europe.
With his book "Why Our Children Become Bullies" (2008), he sparked a heated debate about education.
Former patients and legal guardians are now making serious allegations against him.
​Please take care of yourselves, the film is hard to bear.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
We parents and other responsible persons should never, never, never! go for power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child space for its development and to make the framework for the child as large as it makes sense and is possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shaking.
Holetschek: Countries are advising on the elimination of the test requirement for those who have been vaccinated three times
At their next meeting, the health ministers of the federal states want to decide on a nationwide abolition of the test requirement for those who have been vaccinated three times.
"We countries need clarity quickly as to whether and when the obligation to test can be dropped for those who have been vaccinated three times," said Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the health ministers' conference, of the "Bild am Sonntag".
The elimination of 2G plus for those who have been vaccinated three times is "not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional vaccination incentive," said Holetschek.
Federal Minister of Health Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised “that he will make a proposal to the Conference of Health Ministers next Tuesday”. − afp
So I want to send the lamp back
What's the best way to go about it?
Hello, I really like the #PRS_ORG# chair, but I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me?
I can no longer make a purchase using my #PRS_ORG#.
Display: Oops, an error has occurred.
Purchasing via the #PRS_ORG# page on the computer.
I have updated my account details.
What can be the reason?
What you describe is referred to as *awareness*, i.e. sensory perceptions under general anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of approx. 1 in 1000.
Hearing noises/voices is the most common, seeing images is less common, and the perception of pain is the least common.
Relevant for this topic: Caesarean sections are operations that are associated with an increased rate of awareness, since a very deep anesthetic is avoided to protect the child until the umbilical cord is removed.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned during the pre-anaesthetic interview.
Certain anesthetic procedures such as total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA) are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear all, this comment of mine describes awareness correctly, but** u/Nitemarex **didn't have any by definition.
I misread your comment.
But the chair is broken.
Unfortunately, the €20 doesn't help us either.
These are statutory warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be that they take back the defective chair.
In addition to the legal obligation, this is also standard in the area of e-commerce.
Please check again whether you can at least take back the defective chair.
We then sell the second chair privately.
We lose a lot of money there.
I have already sent you an email which you have not answered.
The question again.
The order and the invoice state that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The carrier is company #NAME#.
I just called there.
I was told they only deliver to your doorstep - due to #PRS_ORG#.
Is that so?
If so, I have to cancel the order because I don't know anyone who can carry the heavy furniture to the first floor for me.
won't I be called?
I formulated a question
Theater historian Günther Rühle died at the age of 97
He has made a name for himself as a theater critic and as an artistic director.
Later he wrote a monumental theater history.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
The new book is still lying on the table, hot off the press: "An old man is getting older".
The shocking diary of a slow farewell to the world, which the theater historian and journalist Günther Rühle kept until April 2021.
And in the middle of reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book reads: "I'll testify here to thank you for my life".
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common are Euro pallets, standardized wooden pallets that are mainly used as load carriers in Europe.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to data from Statistics Austria, more than ten million pallets were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was a good 79 million euros.
How many pallets are imported to Austria each year is not recorded
New York wins the MLS championship for the first time
New York City FC has won the Major League Soccer title for the first time.
After a 1-1 draw in regulation time against hosts Portland Timbers, the Eastern Conference team won the final 4-2 on penalties.
In the Eastern Conference Finals, New York defeated Philadelphia Union, the team of German Kai Wagner.
Roulade Tips & Tricks
A week ago I got a lot of great tips for the perfect goulash here.
We had this for Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and buttery tender!
So thanks again for that :)
Now I've got a taste for it and would like to cook roulades for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I'll prepare a beef stock for it.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a large pot.
What's next?
What about the books or how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English isn't that good anymore, but I can manage
It is about a refund of €#NUMBER#
I was already on 18.01. informed by email that the refund has been made.
But to date I have not received the money.
Would you please check there.
Where there is still Christmas roast in the Lübeck area
For many people, goose or duck are part of the Christmas season, like the Christmas tree and presents.
Haven't bought any poultry yet?
Time is running out now.
We'll tell you where you can still get a Christmas roast in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube power amp is a major contributor to the warmth and fat content of the guitar amp sound.
These characteristics are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controls you can set the desired level on the one hand and the distortion content of your sounds on the other.
In addition, the VT+ series amplifiers offer a unique POWER LEVEL control that allows you to lower the sound level without changing the gain and distortion.
It was already mentioned above that the POWER LEVEL control can even be used to boost a power reserve when things get outrageously loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL controller, the full potential of the VT+ series can be used in every situation.
The headphone socket can also be used as a line output.
The signal present here is processed with a box simulation, so that you get an eminently "acoustic" sound impression even when using headphones or when recording directly.
A CD or MP3 player can be connected to the AUX socket, so you can jam along with your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also treat yourself to a VFS5 footswitch, you can also conveniently call up the sounds with your foot, switch the effect blocks on/off and "tap" the tempo of the compatible effects.
This is actually indispensable for live use.
With its new power packs, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But I saw that with others.
Is it possible for you to send the lamp back?
As it hangs too low for over a dining table?
So I would like to send them back.
Can you help me further?
And the dresser?
Will we get another update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat in the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
If it doesn't work, I'd be happy with a discount or voucher.
Maybe I can find a buyer for the furniture.
Just over 1,000 euros for goods that I don't need is a bit much.
I have just received my delivery and would like to know if screws were provided as part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) on the provided hooks.
That's not a satisfactory answer and it wasn't worth the wait
Do you have a premium customer status?
Iran sees progress in nuclear deal talks
According to Iranian information, progress is being made in the negotiations on reviving the international nuclear agreement.
"Both sides are about to agree on the issues that should be on the agenda," Iran's chief negotiator, Ali Bagheri, told the Irna news agency on Sunday.
This is a "positive and important development" because initially there was not even agreement on the issues to be discussed.
The agreement is intended to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
The talks in Vienna to revive the agreement continued on Thursday after an interruption of almost a week.
Negotiators from Iran, Germany, Great Britain, China, France and Russia are taking part in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also on site in Vienna, but only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now federal state with the highest corona incidence
Thuringia has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest incidence nationwide.
The value is the only federal state above the 1000 mark.
Thuringia was the only federal state with a corona incidence above the 1000 mark on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day value with 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which had recently had the highest incidence nationwide, this value was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia fell slightly, but was also above 1000.
In Thuringia, 2242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 other deaths related to an infection were reported within one day.
200 people seriously ill with Covid-19 were treated in intensive care in hospitals on Sunday.
Reporting delays may occur on weekends.
In addition, the health authorities have been overloaded for weeks and can hardly keep up with the registration of new cases.
I understand that.
Since the delivery will not be until the beginning of March, it may be possible by then.
I have to print it out and stick it on the package and hand it in at the post office, that's it, right?
I don't have to click/specify/fill in anything else here?
That's exactly what I want to avoid, that's why I'm writing to you.
I would like to take care of the return shipment at my own expense.
8 euro return fee is in my opinion a cheek.
It is time for changes
###MBundestag Greetings, I'm u/StratorDE in the plenary hall in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#Why the post here?
If you look at the activity in the Bundestag over the past few months, you can see one thing: it doesn't exist.
We got into a state of hibernation and extended the summer slump to a few months.
#Where is the problem?
Yes, what was the reason?
For the most part, it's probably just a matter of dissatisfaction with how some things have gone here and how we're doing in general.
In the last few days, there has been an increasing impression that many here are still really interested in the MBundestag.
#What we need to change
At this point, the community around the MBundestag is in demand, which wants to keep it alive.
The impetus came from u/edizVEVO, who became aware of this project in the last few days and, to put it simply, found it a shambles.
After some writing back and forth, several people from the community found themselves interested in rebuilding the project.
However, I would like to once again expressly call on everyone to participate, as this is the only way this project can continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a discord server, where we can exchange ideas and work out specific things.
You can join the server via this link.
Goals:
* How should the Bundestag work in the future?
* Which existing regulations need to be changed / adjusted / removed?
* How should we appear to the outside world in the future?
* How should new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair voting system?
I'm pretty sure I forgot a few things, but that's okay, we have the discord for that at the end.
If you have the time and inclination, join the Discord, work with us and let us decide democratically about the future.
I have ordered a lampshade from you that will be delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/clunky for it and not suitable for my taste.
I have already ordered a different suspension from you.
I put it together and then noticed this as I took the soft foam.
Very sad about that.
I hope this gets returned and I have a full refund.
This is also quite sad as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have one more question: the bedspread #PRS_ORG#, is it also available in oversize, for example in 240/240?
#PRS_ORG# has to be able to guarantee that the faulty cabinet will be picked up promptly.
And I'm asking you to do it now.
I don't have suitable packaging, but I will dismantle the cabinet as far as possible for collection - you have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how this can then work.
#PRS_ORG# can contact me by phone at any time to arrange a pick-up appointment.
Are there instructions for assembly?
How long would I have to get them or decide to send them back?
How do you answer the question why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague who I like very much.
She herself used to be a vegetarian for a while, but currently eats meat very rarely.
I myself was a vegetarian for a few years before that.
When asked if I had always wanted to be vegan and vegetarianism was a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without thinking too much.
Namely, that for a long time I thought that as a vegetarian I would support animal welfare, but at some point I reflected and understood that I was ultimately also supporting animal cruelty.
Hence my decision to go vegan.
At that moment I had the impression that displeasure arose on her side, she then defended vegetarianism and said she knew where her meat came from and that as a vegetarian you reduced animal suffering.
Now I'm wondering if my answer was too clumsy?
How do you answer the question?
Have the feeling that as a vegan you are quickly put in a corner and conflicts arise without you wanting to.
Greetings from a harmony-loving vegan (;
It is clearly not an exception according to § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not release you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I will not be there on the assigned date that #PRS_ORG# will pick up my return.
Unfortunately, since I can't be there because of a funeral, that can't be changed either.
Can I be given an alternative collection time, please?
From 01.02.#NUMBER# you can always find me again.
Lahnstein weir equipped for water rescue: 45,000 euros subsidy from the state
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior, Roger Lewentz, presented Lord Mayor Peter Labonte with a grant of 45,000 euros for the new water rescue equipment vehicle of the Lahnstein volunteer fire brigade in the Lahnstein town hall.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in use since November 2020, was 135,000 euros.
A good and important security investment.
I am pleased that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this," says Lahnstein's Lord Mayor Peter Labonte.
The equipment truck is used by the Lahnstein diving squadron, one of a total of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below water, they fulfill tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, increasing use is expected in the long term: the boom in hotel shipping on the Rhine and Moselle and the increasing use of the Lahn as a leisure river are contributing to this.
I bought a book that I could only read 10% of the time and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
Followed their recommendations but synced, removed and reloaded the app NOTHING worked.
I'm a bit frustrated because the whole campaign has already cost me a lot of time and now I'm hoping for help.
OK, that's how it is then.
I would like to order 3 items from the #PRS_ORG# collection for June.
Can I enter an appointment during the ordering process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the above values were determined in the Fenix laboratory at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values may differ depending on the flashlight used, age and environment.
*: The burning time in the bright level includes the burning time with reduced brightness due to overheat protection.
2) Dealers are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the dealers or distributors they purchased Fenix lights from for warranty support with the Fenixlight Limited 'Warranty Card' and either a commercial invoice or receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts needed to service our lights.
1) 15-Day Free Replacement: Fenix will replace a new product within 15 days of purchase for any manufacturing defect if problems occur under normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
If the model has been discontinued, customers will receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free Repair for 5 Years: Fenix offers free repair for lamps within 5 years from the date of purchase if there is any problem under normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
With the exception of the products and accessories listed above, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited Lifetime Warranty: For lights that are past the free repair warranty period, we offer lifetime repairs but charge a fee for parts.
The dealer will advise the customer of the cost of the part prior to repair.
4) Warranty Certificate: Customers request after-sales service from Fenix dealers or distributors by presenting a completed Fenix warranty card, purchase invoice or receipt.
The distributor should offer services to the customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover any damage or failure caused by:
any defect or damage caused by improper operation includes, but is not limited to, operation not in accordance with the warranty or notices in the product specification.
For example, the product specification describes that the sealed head must not be disassembled, as this may damage the flashlight and void the warranty.
Any defect or damage resulting from other conduct cannot be reasonably controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type/model of the warranty item, serial number.
First of all, thank you for facing the whole thing here, I also spent almost a decade in the civil service in a similar job, i.e. we were also weapon bearers in the executive branch, I don’t want to go into it any further!
I always find the question of right and left to be very simplified.
Basically, one should say that of course the civil servant comes more from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, that should actually be clear to everyone.
It should also be clear to everyone that, of course, people right from the conservative side are magically attracted to the right, especially in uniforms and weapons carriers, and that these people then naturally find it difficult to deal with the reality they live in. Of course, it is also clear, because in addition to the average white people, you now have many Germans with you Migration background, women and also homosexuals (and by that I don't mean the exaggeratedly feminine clichéd gays, because there are fewer or none of them in the executive branch, but completely normal men and women who you don't notice if they don't tell you) and also on I can and must rely on these people, because in case of doubt they will save your life or use it for you.
But these fringe groups also represent a conservative attitude, even if it sounds strange at first in my experience, i.e. they are proud of Germany and feel less offended by exaggerated left-wing politics, even if this politics supposedly supports them or thinks they are right to do, they just want to be treated normally.
Back to the right, since the police and armed forces are of course also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme right-wing people there, but the fact that they are allowed to openly express their opinion there or even openly forge any plans that endanger the state is completely exaggerated in the media and also annoys me.
Of course it happens that police officers and soldiers who have often been deployed abroad often start to generalize because of negative experiences and sometimes say things that are controversial to politically incorrect.
It also happens that certain right-wing comrades meet who engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, something like this is well fought and also counteracted with political education and enlightenment!
Germany is so intertwined internationally and that's a good thing in my opinion that we couldn't afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks at all!
Yes, what I don't understand, I also ordered the other basket on the German side.
Why should this come from England?
When I ordered it wasn't sold out.
I already ordered in November.
but it was confirmed to me in your confirmation of the order
It's still about my order, which is no longer available.
I chatted with #NAME# before.
Alternatively, could the other #PRS_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# euros in black be delivered to Germany or is this basket also available somewhere in Germany.
I only ever find you as a partner company.
but at the top of the edge of the piece of wood are two deep indentations that have been filled with something yellow
and on the mirror itself is a small scratch
Tidy by child?
Hello, I (w32) have been occupied with something for a long time.
I'm very disciplined and organized at work (I'm self-employed, very little free time), but throughout my life I've had a hard time keeping my household clean and tidy.
There are always phases in which everything is left lying around, and now and then it grabs me and I tidy up and clean.
But it's never really "that someone could spontaneously come to visit".
My husband is (unfortunately) no better either, it does bother me somewhere, but mostly housework simply loses out against work and disinclination.
The kitchen is cleaned most regularly because we like to cook.
Now to my question, did you manage to become more tidy with a child?
We don't have one yet but we're working on it and this question has been on my mind for a while.
Because for me I have no incentive, it just doesn't bother me that much as long as there are no visitors and there are always fresh clothes and the kitchen can be used.
Do you have a greater incentive with a child or do you remain sloppy?
Looking forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, high-quality and anatomically preformed cut offers maximum comfort and a perfect fit, allowing for almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Preforming with special, wide embossing on the joints for improved freedom of movement (on arm and knee bends)
For the Focea Comfort 4, the area covered by the Flex System 2 has been more than doubled in order to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels at joints reduce friction (underarms, arm and squat)
High-quality preforming in the lower back area and in the crotch ensure a snug, perfect fit.
Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar area increases flexibility around the back zipper and thereby improves comfort, especially when bending over and when mounting and donning gear on the surface.
The Free Flex Zone, located around the shoulders and back, guarantees increased flexibility in arm and back movements.
Fireskin is a warming, water-repellent material with a special surface structure that offers a high level of protection against the cold.
Positioned on the chest, it brings warmth to a sensitive area of the body.
Seamless, thin (-2mm) face seal on hood increases comfort, seal and durability (separate head hood)
A soft zone in the collar improves the seal with a finely adjustable width adjustment using a flexible, gentle Velcro fastener that does not stick to the lining or the seams
Zipped double cuffs at the wrists and ankles combine a foldable inner cuff with a soft, lined neoprene outer cuff
45° notch at bottom of inner cuff for increased elasticity and resilience when tightening.
Long zip at the neck with an Elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on coveralls without a hood
Long G-Lock P back zip (coverall without hood) with metal slider and integrated Water Dam System for improved sealing (Beuchat patent)
Zippers on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements on all ends of the zips to prevent tearing if excessive force is used.
Neoprene panels bonded flush with outer and inner overlap
Edges of outer cuffs hemmed for greater resilience
Inner cuff edges notched for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system was designed to keep the computer in place, especially during deeper dives (the system is compatible with all major wrist computers)
Careers in social work - as someone with an insecure personality disorder?
I did an apprenticeship in the field of software development and have now completed my apprenticeship for about a year.
Unfortunately, I'm realizing more and more that this job isn't the right one for me, which is why I've been thinking for a long time about starting over and studying social work.
The problem: I have an insecure (or anxious avoidant) personality disorder (ÄVPS).
Roughly speaking, this means that I have no self-esteem and am accordingly shy.
I have no problem talking to people on a factual level, but I find it very difficult to engage in casual conversations and have been told I come across as aloof (although I think that's gotten better).
Can I become a social worker like this?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth club, but rather in addiction counseling or family support, for example.
However, I don't know if the specific day-to-day work is really what I imagine it to be, and it's difficult to find anything about it on the internet.
The ÄVPS is already leading to problems in my job (for me, emotionally) because it pulls me down every time there is something to complain about in my code ("still screwed up the simplest things") and I find it difficult for more experienced colleagues to ask for help ("I should really know how to do it myself by now"/"I keep him from work with my stupid questions"/"he must think I'm really poor" etc.).
I will probably have the problems in every job, but I wanted to mention it at this point.
Have you already received the sofa back?
Because there was no confirmation for that either.
I'm waiting for an appointment for pickup
What do you mean by return please?
When I have downloaded a book to the #PRS_ORG#, I get the message Your #PRS_ORG# does not authorize this book
are there problems?
I was chatting with #PRS_ORG# who asked me if I got a delivery confirmation for my closet.
The protein consumed with the food is broken down by the bird in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and from these in turn builds its own body proteins, which it also needs for plumage formation.
The formation of plumage in nestlings and the formation of new plumage in molting birds are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high level of stress on the animal's entire organism.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, as this can lead to disturbances in the incubation process.
Following this course of administration of NEKTON-Bio, you should go back to the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation).
The protein consumed with the food is broken down by the bird in its gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and from these in turn builds its own body proteins, which it also needs for plumage formation.
The formation of plumage in nestlings and the formation of new plumage in molting birds are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high level of stress on the animal's entire organism.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio must not be administered during breeding, as this can lead to disturbances in the incubation process.
Following this course of administration of NEKTON-Bio, you should go back to the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation).
1 g NEKTON-Bio to 250 ml water or 100 g soft food.
It is advisable to only prepare as much drinking water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change the water/food daily.
A level measuring spoon (enclosed) corresponds to 1 g NEKTON-Bio.
In the case of severe plumage damage, a double or triple dose of NEKTON-Bio can be given at the beginning until the beginning of the new plumage formation is visible.
Then the normal dose is given until the feathering is fully completed.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry, away from direct sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Please excuse me, but the chair is being sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months?
The warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
This is really very bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to say my order arrived damaged and pictures were attached.
Did you receive this email?
Statement of a community worker in contradiction to the statute
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
So application made to the municipality.
An employee writes to me that the felling of fruit trees and thus the walnut is not part of the statute.
In the statutes, however, the walnut is explicitly stated as a tree to be protected.
Can I now rely on the statement of the employee or not?
On the one hand, I have to be able to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statute is clear.
Thank you for your answers
We understand.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I did not receive a message
Well, then I still have a sofo without use.
Could you offer me a discount or a voucher?
What was more expensive?
Yes, I think so, the only question is whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check that?
Breaking news: Serious traffic accident in Selb
A serious traffic accident recently occurred on the St 2179 between the Selb-Nord junction and Plößberg.
As the police press alarm currently reports (2:03 p.m.), a car came into oncoming traffic when overtaking.
There are injured.
Ah ok I see.
Well then, thanks again for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
First of all Merry Christmas to you!
Unfortunately, my Christmas is moderately good, because my dear head is currently overthinking everything that can be overthrown.
Before I go into detail here.. in short: I need advice and preferably from people who somehow know my situation - that is, from you.
I'm doing the ref right now as a career changer.
Originally, I studied something else and also worked there in one area (in order to remain at least a little anonymous, I won't name anything more precise here).
But then the whole thing was too boring for me and I looked for alternatives that could be more fun for me.
At some point I ended up becoming a teacher and I was sure that was it - even if the framework conditions are significantly less flexible than in my previous job, but I didn't care.
I've now reached the third "I google other job postings".
And it's only been half a year.
The times before that I always decided to go ahead and at least finish the ref, after that I can always switch.
But right now I'm absolutely done.
I've had so little free time in the last month that I'm completely drained.
It's vacation time now, but there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref, I always thought I was stress-resistant, but then my weekend was my weekend and my end of work was my end of work.
I was free then.
And the stress at work didn't matter in those moments.
Now even the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that annoy me even more.
Basically it's fun and from the outside the ref is doing well too in terms of feedback and such.
But I'm completely drained and wonder how much stress my body can handle before it shuts down completely - if it isn't already.
I'm wondering whether I want it to be like this for the rest of my working life - especially when I'm reading some of your posts here - or whether I shouldn't go back to the old area after all, where I was valued and take my free time I could when I needed it, and although I found the work kind of boring, I was paid appropriately for it and worked on something together in a team and not as a lone fighter, as is the case most of the time now.
But then I ask myself whether, in a year's time, I won't be back where I am now and not satisfied.
You notice that everything is somehow confused, but maybe you as an outsider have advice or ideas on how I can get out of this situation that I am completely exhausted and start crying at the slightest thought.
I'm not going to make decisions so emotionally right now, that probably won't lead to anything good.
But maybe your views will help me to at least see some light at the end of the tunnel - or to be able to enjoy Christmas, that's enough for now.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whiny undertones on my part.
I hope my situation has become at least a little clear.
Since its introduction in 2001, VOX's Valvetronix series has continued to evolve, including the combination of advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly emulates the behavior of a tube amp.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X amps, we are introducing a brand new modeling engine that is absolutely state-of-the-art when it comes to sound.
Thanks to the VET technology (Virtual Element Technology), which is based on the analysis of the components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers come up with an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also contain the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamp.
This is based in part on real analog circuitry because it simply does a better job of capturing the tonal variations and nuances of a tube amp than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuit, the VTX amplifiers offer a closed housing and a bass reflex system from which the natural resonances just bubble up.
With VOX's "Tone Room" software, you can even correct and twist historical facts on the virtual plane until the amp and effects sound the way you always wanted them to.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been refined several times since then to meet newly added sound requirements, which in 2010 has again led to a performance boost for the VOX Valvetronix series - with more dynamics and more numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series has also been designed in such a way that all guitarists looking for maximum sound variety will find what they are looking for here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amp: they expect a fat sound, a nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string attack as well as a prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that the power amp in particular determines the tube character of an amplifier and, based on this finding, developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology.
Featuring a 12AX7 tube, the Valve Reactor circuitry in every VT+ amp perfectly replicates the behavior, subtle nuances and tonal character of a tube amp.
NBA: Despite 20 points from Wagner: Magic lose at Clippers
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it's not enough to win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104:106 at the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually positionable and foldable Velcro fasteners, it can be tailored to the needs of your photo equipment and is therefore suitable for any type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-frame SLR cameras.
Of course, what ultimately fits in the backpack depends on the size of the camera and the lenses.
A possible configuration would be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses and a clip-on flash.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models in the Sony a7 series or a Fuji X-T2 still leave room for additional lenses.
You can also store a lot of accessories.
And if you have a small DSLM camera (Olympus MFT cameras, Fujifilm XA or E series) you can use the backpack for your equipment and for non-photographic things.
Drone pilots also make the best choice with the Everyday Backpack 20L, because the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably the longest in history
In the almost three months since the eruption began, the lava flows have caused great damage on the Canary Island.
Is there an end in sight?
With a duration of 85 days now, the volcanic eruption on La Palma has been the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary Island since Sunday.
So far, the eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585 with 84 days was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
There is no reliable data on previous outbreaks.
The activity of the still nameless volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has decreased somewhat in the past few days, but volcanologists have not dared to predict when it could end.
The indicators point to a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," said the President of the Island Council, Mariano Hernández Zapata, the state TV broadcaster RTVE.
Damages in the millions
In the nearly three months since the eruption began, the 1,000-degree hot lava has destroyed nearly 2,900 homes and other structures, RTVE reported.
Almost 1200 hectares were covered by a meter thick layer of lava.
That corresponds to almost 1,700 football pitches.
More than 7,000 residents had to be evacuated, and the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Two new promontories with a total size of about 50 hectares were formed off the coast by cooled lava.
The banana cultivation, which is immensely important for the island, was particularly badly affected. Half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly on it and it was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, other areas were badly affected, wrote the newspaper "El País".
Christmas and the presents
Christmas is just around the corner and especially the children will hardly be able to wait for the heavenly celebration.
The many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree, combined with the spiritual atmosphere and crackling excitement, have something seductive about them.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still hold our increasingly divided society together.
It is all the more important to become aware of the Christmas tradition of giving gifts, so that the gesture of giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss was a peace-building "social contract of primitive peoples", escapes the rigid routine and is used again in the context of this tradition can be filled with life.
How Santa Claus became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who closely linked the days of Christmas to giving presents.
Before that, gifts of one kind or another were given to each other on St. Nicholas Day.
The background to this custom, which is still popular today, is that Saint Nicholas, as bishop of Myra, secretly threw gold into the window of three women in one night to spare them another life of sin.
This unconventional way of giving presents gave rise to the popular custom in Germany of filling children's boots with presents.
Protestants resented this custom because they rejected mediators between God and man as "saint worship".
For these reasons they object to the institution.
Martin Luther made the Christ Child out of St. Nicholas and thus established a new line of tradition.
The focus of gift-giving thus shifted to Christmas Eve.
Since most Protestants no longer see such detailed questions so narrowly, only very few are annoyed that the custom of Saint Nicholas, like the Martin custom with Martinsingen and Martin parade, is still an integral part of the pre-Christmas period.
Today you can find everything your heart desires in boots in front of the door and under the Christmas tree, from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources show a tradition of giving gifts since the 13th century on Saint Nicholas Day.
With the Reformation, the day of giving presents shifted to Christmas Eve.
In all Christian countries, however, there is a happy muddle about the question of who is going to bring the children the presents.
In Germany, it depends on the respective region whether the Christ Child appears on Christmas Eve or Santa Claus, who is basically a kind of Santa Claus, who has been assigned some peculiarities over time.
These include, for example, his bushy white beard, which has little in common with the rather severe Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sleigh that is pulled by reindeer and his preference for the chimney to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain, the three kings give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the baby Jesus.
In Scandinavia, mythical creatures sometimes bring gifts, while in Russia it brought Father Frost some fame.
Here it is not reindeer, but three horses that pull his sleigh as a troika.
In the Czech Republic, the motherland of the Reformation in the wake of the Hussite Wars, the Christ Child is responsible for handing over the gifts.
I've been getting this error message for the past 3 weeks when trying to download a new book, but my account and contact details are up to date:
Please help with troubleshooting as I
otherwise buy another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
I requested a return label for my order #NUMBER# last week and this morning.
I was told one would be mailed to me.
Since I haven't received one yet (neither in the SPAM folder), I wanted to ask how long this usually takes.
Thanks so much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near the Royal Palace
A gunman was shot dead by police near Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police said callers reported a man allegedly armed with a gun and entered a bank and bookmaker's store.
According to the authorities, the man fled in a vehicle that was stopped by officials a little later.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
Several embassies are located in the area around Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
which one?
No matter where I click, I am immediately forwarded to your site.
The decorative lamp blends harmoniously into any bed, garden area or rock garden.
The lamp is easy to set up and can be anchored to the ground with 2 ground spikes.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar module for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Burn time max. 10 hours
- The robust plastic design can be used outdoors all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow with color from within.
»Smart Stone«, on the other hand, is completely harmless: the sun alone ensures that this solar light shines fascinatingly - optionally in white or colored light (in six different shades).
The edgeless, amorphous design was deliberately chosen: during the day, this modern light object presents itself like a naturally formed, large pebble.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment - whether at the edge of the terrace, in the lawn or in the stone bed.
It also does well in the vicinity of larger pebbles and boulders, where it knows how to assert itself thanks to its size.
You can save yourself a lot of preparatory work: as a solar light, »Smart Stone« requires neither a cable nor batteries.
Place the »light stone« anywhere that is exposed to the sun during the day.
Two supplied ground spikes ensure a firm hold if required.
The matte white plastic case itself is sturdy and weatherproof.
»Smart Stone« discreetly hides its solar panel inside, along with its battery and two LEDs – one for white light, the other for colored light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight falls on the housing.
When dusk falls, »Smart Stone« starts to light up automatically; You decide in which color: you have a choice of six attractive light colors – in addition to daylight white.
Finally, switching off takes place automatically as soon as the battery charge level has dropped to a specified minimum or it gets light again.
As soon as the sun shines again, the charging cycle starts again the next day.
I've done that several times and it doesn't work.
It's a pity, I would have liked to have continued to order from you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, then I will not order again as a matter of principle.
If you change your mind, let me know.
Otherwise that was the last contact today.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
No hardware store is open in lockdown anyway.....
The engine control of the LokSound 5 has again been fundamentally improved.
A variably adjustable PWM clock frequency of 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super-quiet operation, especially with coreless motors - the typical "hum" is a thing of the past.
The load control can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique “Autotune” function enables the decoder to be automatically calibrated to the motor.
With a motor current of up to 1.5A, the LokSound 5 decoder supplies enough power even for older motors.
- Please use the Ebay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are correctly summarized.
- You will receive an email with the package number for tracking purposes.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT from the retailer for every new product you buy.
- we usually process your order or inquiry within 24 hours on working days.
pill problem
Hello dear women,
I hope I'm doing everything right here, it's actually my first post after a year on reddit.
About my problem: About five years ago I had to start taking the pill again, mainly because I had such incredibly bad pain during my period and damn PMS before my period.
Now I would like to leave that alone because I have to take enough medication that I can't choose due to chronic illnesses.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain but my skin.
During my last break of about two years I had exploded in breakouts from 0 to 100 and they were everywhere.
So far so superficial, but it really weighed on me and I didn't feel comfortable.
In the two-year break, the whole thing never really normalized.
Maybe someone has any tips to avoid this time.
My cosmetics are already perfume-free and without fuss, but maybe there's something that someone can recommend to me.
Unfortunately, the gynecologist didn't take me that seriously and a dermatologist's appointment is still to come.
Many thanks to everyone who read the novel!
Yes, the dear skin is such a thing.
Had bad neurodermatitis before the break, then a period of rest, then large-scale lichen planus and the acne issue.
I also have nutrition in the course of chr. illness tried everything possible and got stuck on a mixed diet containing sugar, milk and meat, because nothing else worked really well.
It can also be the case that hormones are simply wrong, but if, like me, you have construction sites everywhere, you don't want to go looking for what else is going wrong.
I already had everything from her colleague semina or similar.
Wrote and now I've lost the conversation and I don't know what the response to my request was.
I always have to work in between and answer the phone and suddenly everything was gone...
what is there to check, if the money was there, I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but is it generally available in large sizes
since it is available in large black
The Zappiti 4K HDR Series - The Best Movie Experience Ever!
Zappiti designs and manufactures high quality video management systems; for the best image quality, excellent performance and the best possible user-friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you convenient and intuitive access to your entire movie library in stunning 4K high definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti players are successfully used around the world to enhance the movie experience, both in the home and in commercial settings.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the latest 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video file formats, full BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with one billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio files such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and features a wide, solid body, dual HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS:X for the best possible home cinema experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers outstanding image quality - far better than previous generations - with improved dynamics, precise color representation, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or a front projector, you'll be amazed at the picture quality of your display!
3D also offers better image depth and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote control.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included).
Network Playback: Special network optimization that, thanks to SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100, guarantees better performance in playback over the local network, whatever the type of media.
Universal RC: Seamless integration into smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much as I've been waiting for this since September.
Nothing works anymore.
My account appears to be locked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that use the products specified above according to the manufacturer or operating instructions.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist dealer in toner production
All listed company and brand names as well as all type designations are the property of the respective legal manufacturer and owner of the rights.
Their mention serves only as a guide and to indicate the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products from the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
What coupons???
My voucher was not credited to my last order!
In the name of the people: Lay people make judgments
In the courtroom, they sit on the judge's bench in everyday clothes.
But a lot depends on their verdict, even if they don't wear a robe: lay judges work with professional judges to determine whether and for how long someone will go behind bars.
Two of them report in an interview with the "public" from their time at the Bad Kreuznach district court: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the district court on John-F.-Kennedy-Strasse.
Hello, unfortunately I cannot access the customer account.
Could you please send me the invoice from the order number #NUMBER# again to the email address given above?
Can we dispose of the packaging material?
We have no way of keeping them for that long.
We would use the table as offered by them as if it were ours
gladly, had already ordered the same armchair in blue in nov
Does the cabinet have to be completely dismantled for pickup and refund?
and when would be the pickup?
110 kV underground cable will be newly built in 2022
The permit for laying the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally binding.
The planning approval decision by the government of Lower Bavaria clears the way for construction, which is scheduled to begin in 2022.
This was announced by the network operator Bayernwerk.
The underground cable, which is around seven kilometers long, will connect the Tann substation in the north of the municipality and the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable is connected to a mast of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning,
my order from January 3rd, 2021 with the order number #NUMBER# has only arrived in part.
The blue order number:#PRS_ORG# with the consignment number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the comment "Delivery not possible".
All three other packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me how to proceed now?
A nice start into the week!
You can forget that, I explained that several times yesterday!!
This is a glass dresser and the entire sides are split open so there is glass everywhere and the box is broken
The dresser is in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to come into the apartment because of the #PRS_ORG# regulations
This means that the chest of drawers cannot be picked up because nobody is allowed into my apartment
Thank you for your message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it's with all books, that's why the request for #PRS_ORG#, since it's probably a general problem
Ref: Plan Lessons (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I've been at the Ref since the summer, I enjoy teaching, but I'm currently still having major problems planning my geography lessons in a time-efficient manner.
Unfortunately, my school is not well equipped technically, so that in principle I can only use the blackboard, the textbook and an OHP as a medium.
At school I can also only copy b/w for free (which is annoying for geography).
I currently need a very long time to plan my hours.
For example, we are currently working on the topic of geofactors and for me every hour actually stands for itself.
In principle, the methods are always repeated, but on the other hand I don't want to invest too much time in simple lessons (I also need that for UBs etc.).
When planning, I actually always start with the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build it up (mostly I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school doesn't have).
We have the book Terra and I'm rather dissatisfied with most of the tasks in the book.
Hence the worksheets.
Maybe a geography teacher can tell me how to work with the book in a time-efficient manner.
Would be really happy.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I have actually already decided on a new one at #PRS_ORG#, but I would like to process the return as soon as possible.
The trade fears for the Christmas business because of the 2G regulation.
Most shops are only allowed to those who have been vaccinated or have recovered.
The trade considers this unnecessary and complains about a drop in sales.
He also has a possible solution ready.
From the point of view of the German Retail Association (HDE), the 2G regulations spoil the important Christmas business for retailers.
HDE General Manager Stefan Genth criticized the drop in sales for transactions with items that are not used every day.
According to a recent HDE survey of 1,100 dealers, more than 70 percent of companies viewed the remaining days of the year negatively.
Many have already written off the Christmas business.
"What should actually be the positive highlight of the year is now often a bottomless hole," said Genth.
Dealers with 2G access restrictions lost almost a third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
Things are only going well in food retail and online.
The association called for the consequences of the dramatic development.
Shopping with a mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the managing director.
"2G when shopping does not get us any further in the fight against the pandemic," he emphasized.
The current regulations discouraged customers and required a lot of staff.
The ribbon regulation must be approved nationwide, he demanded.
According to this, every customer only has to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would have access to all shops on that day with the wristband they received.
In addition, random checks should suffice in retail - as is already the case in local public transport with the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested).
The real estate group Deutsche Euroshop, which specializes in shopping centers, also spoke of difficult Christmas business.
Most recently, without 2G, frequencies were a good 75 percent of the pre-corona level, and sales were around 90 percent.
These numbers will certainly fall in the middle of the all-important Christmas business," said CEO Wilhelm Wellner of the "Wirtschaftswoche".
Due to the high personnel and administrative effort, attempts are being made for the centers to find solutions and get them approved.
This includes the so-called wristband solution, in which "the visitors, for example, provide their 2G proof at a central point in the center and then - equipped with a wristband similar to a club hotel - can enter all shops undisturbed". dpa
I recently ordered and received the #PRS_ORG#.
The mirror has a scratch and there is also a flaw on the frame which was attempted to be covered with yellow filler.
That doesn't look nice.
I would like to return the mirror and have already put it back in the package and sealed it.
How do I proceed now for the return?
The lamp is designed for dual balance, based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
A modern microprocessor with extraordinary possibilities takes care of setting the color temperature and brightness of the lamp.
In addition to adjusting the brightness, there are two default color temperatures: daylight and tungsten.
It is also possible to manually set and save the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K.
Use the current settings in flash memory.
A special feature of the controller is that it is easy and intuitive to use.
The lamp produces a very luminous flux with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The beam angle of 120 degrees, with which you can illuminate large areas from a relatively small distance, is excellent.
By the way, also in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness with virtually no change in color temperature.
It's a great tool for working both on the film set and in the studio.
The optionally available DMX512 controller enables remote control of the light in TV studios or when the light is installed in hard-to-reach places.
At the back of the lamp is the control panel, consisting of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
There is also a slot for the NP-F batteries (not included)
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
In order to carry out the settings for the individual settings on the memory locations, simply press and hold one of the memory buttons and you're done.
The memory controller saves the current status of the lamp when it is switched off, so that the known situation is restored when it is switched on again - very practical when working in the studio, for example. the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with batteries One of the greatest strengths of the DL3120 functionality results from the possibility of operating with inexpensive NP-F batteries.
These are often already owned by photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can use existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check before the set whether the batteries have enough power - a battery tester is also built in - for each of the two battery compartments a value in the two displays (the left battery in the upper display, the right one in the lower display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply the spotlight with power via the supplied power pack.
The construction of the headlight is very simple.
They have a 16mm sleeve as a connection for attachment, so you can connect them directly to your photo tripod.
The inclination can be reliably adjusted using brakes on both sides.
Care was taken to ensure that the mechanical components are also of extremely high quality and are therefore designed for durability and hard use.
In addition, a tilting joint is included in the scope of delivery.
It is great that the scope of delivery also includes a bag.
So you can safely transport or store the lamp with all the accessories that you may want to buy without any problems.
It's a shame, I got it as a gift and it's too small :(
"Party we wanted to throw": Frankfurt celebrates after a goal-rich comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the Hessians, who had not won twice in a row, were supposedly on their way to the next Bundesliga bankruptcy.
But then the SGE turned up the heat, shot the frustration of a mixed season start from the soul within a good hour and won furiously 5:2. "It's amazing what the boys did today," coach Oliver Glasner cheered on DAZN and gave a "general praise to everyone who was there".
At the beginning it looked like another setback for the Frankfurt team, who are now in ninth place and still below their expectations.
Patrik Schick gave Leverkusen a 2-0 lead.
What happened then also impressed the SGE trainer.
"How the players came back and put in a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I'm incredibly happy with the performance that we showed and of course also with the result.
Defender Christopher Lenz, who was back on the pitch for the first time since the fourth matchday after recovering from a muscle injury, also emphasized the morale of his team-mates.
"I think our mentality is unbelievably great," said the 27-year-old and was particularly happy for the spectators with a look at the result.
That was the party we were going to throw today.
Glasner now wants to keep the focus on himself for the upcoming tasks, but also sees himself well positioned in terms of the personnel situation.
It's extraordinary that we have all the players fit in December, that all the players are in top physical condition.
It's top work in our medical department, but the players are also highly professional.
Now they want to "go further step by step and remain modest" and "complete the tasks at this level" until the turn of the year.
Next up is an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach (6.30 p.m., Sky) on Wednesday as part of the English week.
I just got the mail that my package is coming back to you due to an error on my part.
I tried calling #PRS_ORG# and got it redirected, no chance.
Can it be reshipped directly to me or do I have to wait for the money to be returned and place the order again?
For me that would unfortunately mean that I will not order again because it has already taken a long time.
Have you ever sat in the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Damper for women's handball before quarter-finals against Spain
After the humiliation against Denmark, Germany's handball women sneaked off the floor with their heads hanging and their eyes blank.
At the end of the main round of the World Cup, the DHB selection suffered a bitter defeat at 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and now has to face hosts Spain in the quarterfinals.
"We were far too scared and had too much respect for our opponents," said national coach Henk Groener.
We have to be different against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round group III with 8:2 points in second place behind the Danes (10:0).
It's a shame we couldn't keep the flow with us.
That was a bad game from everyone that we have to delete," said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight for a place in the semi-finals, the 2019 World Cup runners-up will have to improve significantly next Tuesday in order to keep the tender dream of their first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German thrower in a duel with three-time Olympic champion Denmark was backcourt player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
"We were just not there - neither in attack nor in defence," admitted backcourt player Xenia Smits and demanded: "We have to look forward quickly now".
Not up to par from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not up to par with the kick-off.
Missed throws and technical errors in attack and gaps in defense were responsible for a quick 0:4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately up to speed and prevented worse things from happening with a few saves.
The DHB team scored the first goal after 9:30 minutes when Grijseels successfully completed a quick counterattack.
However, this was not the hoped-for initial spark.
The German women could hardly stage themselves against the aggressive defense of the Danes - and if they did, they mostly failed because of the strong Althea Reinhardt in the goal of the Scandinavians.
The game went early at 3:10 after 20 minutes, especially since backcourt player Mia Zschocke also saw red a little later because of a hard foul on her opponent.
In the quarterfinals, however, she is allowed to participate again.
Only in the final phase of the first half did the DHB selection come into play a little better and approached at least five goals until the break.
The only slight hope of catching up after the change was gone after seven minutes at 9:19.
Again, the Groener protégés sinned in all areas and made it easy for the well-disposed opponent, who is one of the medal candidates in the final round.
As a result, the German team could no longer pull themselves together to increase their performance and left the floor as the clear loser.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family traditions during the Christmas season
As part of the Reddit Advent calendar, we got hold of St. Nicholas Day and are taking this as an opportunity to dedicate ourselves to family traditions in the run-up to Christmas, Advent, St. Nicholas, Christmas Eve and the Christmas holidays.
How was it at your house back then?
As with your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is the best for the children?
The boot cleaning?
Bake cookies?
Decorate the tree?
Is there music?
Is Santa Claus coming, or is the present from Grandma and Grandpa?
No matter how you do it, everyone makes an effort at and around Christmas to have as nice a family as possible.
Whether these are fixed traditions or even something different every year: tell us how it worked or works in your family!
please send me any transaction number.. or anything else that might help
transfer confirmation...etc
I would like to give a coupon code
as with #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers
does that work for you?
The title says it all, I work as a vaccinator in mobile vaccination teams in which (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is vaccinated primarily in nursing homes.
Since these will soon be largely finished, I will then continue in some cases in vaccination centers.
I am happy to answer questions without a time limit on the organizational and human aspects and also medical questions, as long as they are not related to you personally (e.g. "I am taking medication X, is it compatible with the vaccination..").
My area of responsibility includes providing information about the vaccination, the indication (a person is entitled to a vaccination according to the Corona Vaccination Ordinance and there are no reasons against it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, emergency care in the event of an allergic reaction (never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, eg medical specialists.
In vaccination teams, however, we often don't have any with us, but "only" (for God's sake no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for the vaccine preparation, who cannot (are allowed to?) carry out vaccinations, so I carry out most of the vaccinations there myself .
Difficult "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the solution
What is a "Huidlerer"?
This dialect word, sent in by someone from Amberg, caused a lot of thought on the BR television program "Wir in Bayern".
But unlike many previous days, the term stayed in the "Host mi?" this time unguessed by the callers.
No, it wasn't a "person who is nervous".
And no one "for whom everything has to happen quickly".
That, people heard from the TV presenter, was completely wrong.
Whereupon the man from Amberg shared the solution and thus caused astonishment among many people from the Upper Palatinate.
"The Huidlerer", the spectators learned, "is a rag that someone uses to wipe the stove".
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, interviewed by Bavarian television as an expert for years, confirmed this.
With the note that this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, somehow derived from the more well-known dialect word "Houdern".
Which closed an educational gap - probably also for a number of people who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I haven't been able to buy any books for 2 weeks.
After confirmation, the following error message always appears: oops - someting went wrong - try again later.
I have the #PRS_ORG# gel#PRS_ORG#n, restarted, connected to the PC, synchronized and repaired.
Nothing helped.
Tire choice for racing bikes - really that puncture-proof?
I woke up this morning full of energy because I wanted to train at least a little bit in preparation for my bike tour next week.
No sooner said than done and I set off on my racing bike, which I bought on eBay yesterday.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then something happened that lurks in every city center (this time: Thank you Krefeld!).
Shards of glass on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tire didn't want to go along with the rest of the route.
Because it was a weekday, I had no real opportunity to get a spare jacket and spare inner tube, so I had to turn around in a halfway bad mood and take the first train home that came along.
My mood wasn't that bad, maybe it's better if I practice changing tires again before the bike tour.
But now I have a question and I hope you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long route ahead of me over several days, I would really hate to have this problem more often.
Now it really wasn't that bad, because the previous owner also had the old tires (very nice old man, ripped off 120 km on the day I came to pick up the bike by 2 p.m.!) and who had already described them as suboptimal because he rode with them for several years.
But when I think about the fact that I still have to change tires after 80-90kms driving, then I think I'm in a really bad mood :D
Now I got into conversation with an older man on the platform, who asked me why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tires; these should be unplatable.
Now, of course, the whole thing sounds very tempting.
But are they really that indestructible?
I don't feel like spending 40€/tire now, only to be disappointed.
I also ask myself: I think I have 25x622 on my racing bike at the moment.
There are also (apparently?) with the Marathon Plus tires, but most of them are wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you generally recommend other tires for a road bike?
The swallow side seems my absolute! Lay people rather recommend the Durano DD?
Thanks in advance for the help and best regards!
Car throws against tree: driver fatally injured
The 53-year-old crashed his car into a central island on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten for an unknown reason and then got into the oncoming lane, the police said.
There was a head-on collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The 53-year-old's car was then thrown against a tree and the man was trapped in the car.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the accident and taken to nearby hospitals.
Yes, we have, we have deleted all the books, everything has been re-authorized and new books have been loaded
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free of harmful metals.
The group of companies strives to use formulations without regulated or questionable ingredients without affecting the best possible performance.
The tops and packing are made out of recycled material.
Disposal: Please only recycle completely empty containers.
Dispose of drums and remnants at hazardous or special waste collection points.
Marking: All MOTIP DUPLI products correspond to the current status of the marking regulations.
The classification, classification, award is based on GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EG in the currently valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EG, Article 31 and Appendix II in the currently valid form.
With many DUPLI-COLOR spray paints, the spray lock and tamper-proof cap prevent unauthorized use.
Please see the corresponding advises on the cap or label.
Always read and observe the warning texts carefully before use!
Do I get a confirmation for this by email?
I have already been assured of this 3 times by your colleagues... how reliable is your information?
When will the shipping company contact me?
I already wrote, didn't you get my sms?
After the release of our new high-end broadband B 100-6 OHM, it was only a matter of time before our SOLO series would have new blood.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offspring and is visually reminiscent of the big role models with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, a suitably designed stand is included in this building proposal to raise the speaker to the correct listening position.
This has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adjusted in length according to the conditions at home.
In principle, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people for whom the maximum volume plays a subordinate role, but for whom an exceptionally high level of sound is to be achieved.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not able to generate such high sound pressure levels with almost no filtering.
That doesn't mean the SOLO 15 sounds weak, however.
On the contrary, she appears remarkably mature and extremely impressive and accurate for her size.
Tonally, the SOLO 15 was tuned with a slight rise in highs.
This is generally the case with full-range speakers in order to optimize the bundling, which increases sharply at high frequencies.
Aimed precisely at the listening position, the SOLO 15 convinces with a very clear and fine sound.
Turned slightly outwards, the high-frequency range can be reduced and the sound pattern can be made warmer.
Thanks to the point sound source, the location of the individual components of a piece of music in the optimal stereo triangle is razor-sharp and amazingly precise.
The benchmark, extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM ensure fine dynamics that are second to none.
The SOLO 15 not only complements our SOLO series, but expands it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
As with all of our kits, it is advisable to think about the final look of the loudspeaker at the beginning in order to plan for the corresponding changes during construction.
If, for example, you want to veneer the housing, the lowering of the loudspeaker must be adjusted accordingly, since the veneer adds material again.
After all the panels have been cut to size (e.g. in the hardware store), you should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base panel at the appropriate point so that the cable can be fed through there later without any problems.
With the help of a router, the loudspeaker opening follows in the front so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can later be inserted flush.
This opening should be provided with a 45° chamfer on the back in order to make the opening surface of the speaker chassis as large as possible inside.
The four screwing points of the B 100 - 6 OHM have an interruption in the chamfer, as shown in the "Detail chamfer" picture.
Then you start with the actual construction of the box and place one of the two side walls on a flat surface in front of you.
The back wall, the lid, the front and the bottom are now glued onto this.
The three reinforcements should also be used and glued.
The reinforcements themselves can vary in material thickness if required, for example if you want to use ready-made strips from the hardware store instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
In the next step, the second side is attached.
This is followed by all the plates of the foot, i.e. the two sides and the front.
Using a suitable circular hole saw or a Forstner bit makes it easier to attach the openings of the bass reflex tube and the connection terminal on the rear panel.
Then you use a round cutter to round off all the edges of the actual box.
The top of the footplate can also be rounded off with it.
The base plate is then firmly glued to the base of the housing and additionally screwed on with long wood screws.
Marking and pre-drilling (2.5 mm drill bit) the screw points of the speaker chassis and the connection terminal follow.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuum / blow out), you start laying the cable.
The easiest way to do this is through the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the rear panel.
In doing so, push the entire, unabridged cable piece by piece through the 8 mm hole in the foot to the terminal opening and let it protrude there by about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the case, the cable is routed to the speaker opening and also allowed to hang out loosely there.
The crossover is then prepared and used.
The construction plan of the crossover and the corresponding connection plan can be found in the following document: Assembly instructions for the Solo 15 crossover.
Once the crossover is installed and the connection terminal is screwed on, the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely closed, is sealed.
Through the 35 mm bASSREFLEX opening and with a little skill, you can drip hot glue onto the opening and close it.
The sealing can be checked through the opening of the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp.
Now follows the damping according to the description.
Then the B 100 - 6 OHM is connected and screwed tight with the appropriate screws.
The polarity plays an important role here, so that the plus line (marked cable) must be soldered to the plus pole of the loudspeaker (larger contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and inserted.
For damping, a mat of the damping material is cut in two and distributed loosely in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex channel should be kept free.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered at the beginning of June?
> Hello everyone,
> Finally we can announce that we are organizing the OSCAST again this year!
> For known reasons, it is unfortunately not possible for us to get more than four people into the studio, which meant a higher planning effort and explains the short notice of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people per button, so we will follow the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We do our best to avoid delay or other problems.
But hey, it's still a pandemic - but we will do everything we can to accompany the Oscars as entertainingly as possible.
> It will start at around 0:30.
Get your drinks cold, plan some good food and get ready for a long but very interesting night.
